What is atopic dermatitis and plaque psoriasis ?
Atopic dermatitis is a common skin condition that can cause many symptoms, such as 
itching, redness, and a rash that is scaling or oozing.  The symptoms can look 
different on different people.  Atopic dermatitis is also known as eczema.  People 
with atopic dermatitis often have this condition for many years, and may have “flare 
ups”, when their symptoms worsen for a time .  
Plaque psoriasis is acommon type of psoriasis seen by doctors .  People with this 
disease ,also have flare ups where their symptoms worsen .  The s kin,during a flare up ,
is usually redandscaly with raised plaques or patches on the skin .
What is PF-07038124 ?
The study drug (PF -07038124) is an investigational drug because it is not approved 
for use in people with atopic dermatitis or p laque p soriasis. It is applied to the skin as 
an ointment once a day.  The researchers wanted to know if treatment with 
PF-07038124 ointment was able to improve symptoms of atopic dermatitis and 
plaque psoriasis by decreasing inflammation in the skin.  Inflammation is th e body’s 
immune system response, which can lead to the symptoms seen in atopic dermatitis 
and plaque psoriasis.
What was the purpose of this study?
The purpose of this study is to compare the effects of PF -07038124 ointment with a 
plain ointment to see if there are any differences between these ointments when used 
to treat atopic dermatitis or plaque psoriasis. The plain ointment looks and feels like 
the PF-07038124 ointment but does not contain any medicine . 
The researchers compared PF-07038124 ointment with plain ointment by measuring 
the amount and severity o fatopic dermatitis or p laque p soriasis.  Th eydid this by 
calculating the Eczema Area and Severity Index (EASI) score or the Psoriasis Area 
and Severity Index (PASI) score .  These measures are used to estimate how much of aperson’s body is affected by atopic dermatitis (EASI score ) or plaque p soriasis (PASI
score )and also theseverity of the atopic dermatitis or plaque psoriasis .  The 
researchers also wanted to find out about the safety of PF -07038124.
Researchers wanted to know:
Did participants using PF -07038124 ointment have less severe 
atopic dermatitis or p laque psoriasis and/or the area affected was 
reduced compared to participants using pl ainointment?