What is ulcerative colitis?
Ulcerative Colitis (or “UC”) is a long -term inflammatory medical condition that 
affects the large intestines (also known as the colon) .  Symptoms include cramping, 
constipation, diarrhea, rectal bleeding, and fatigue (feeling very tired).
The exact cause of UC is not known .   It is thought that UC is caused by an 
overactive immune system, which is normally responsible for fighting infections .  
Medicines are available that lower the activity of th e immune system, but some people 
with UC do not get better when taking these medicines .   Some people who do get 
better when taking these medicines still have worse UC over time .  
Researchers are looking for new treatments that can help treat patients wit h UC .
What are Ritlecitinib and Brepocitinib?
Ritlecitinib is a “small molecule” oral medication (swallowed) .   Small molecules can 
move easily through the cell membrane to interact with other molecules, such as 
enzymes, inside a cell .  
Ritlecitinib preve nts (inhibits) certain enzymes from working .   Enzymes are protein 
molecules in cells which speed up chemical reactions in the body .   The enzymes that 
ritlecitinib inhibits are known as janus kinase 3 (JAK3) and the tyrosine -protein (TEC )
kinase family .  
Both of these enzymes help control inflammatory pathways in the cell .   They also 
cause molecules known as cytokines to be released .   Cytokines cause inflammation .   
This inflammation is usually used by the immune system to fight infections that may 
becaused by viruses or bacteria .   In people with UC, the body’s immune system 
causes inflammation even although they are healthy.Brepocitinib is another small molecule oral medication .   It inhibits enzymes known as 
janus kinase 1 (JAK1) and tyrosine kina se 2 (TYK2) .  These enzymes control signals 
to the immune system cells that produce cytokines .  By stopping the function of 
JAK1 and TYK2, brepocitinib may prevent the abnormal immune system response 
and inflammation in people with UC.
What was the purpose of this study?
The main purpose of the study was to find out if ritlecitinib or brepocitinib was more 
effective at relieving UC symptoms .  In addition, both study medications were 
compared to placebo .  A placebo does not have any medicine in it, but it lo oks just 
like the study medication.
Researchers wanted to know:
Did the participants taking Ritlecitinib or Brepocitinib have more 
relief from their UC symptoms?