What is Streptococcus pneumoniae ?
Streptococcus pneumoniae is a bacteria that can cause serious diseases, including infections 
of the lung (pneumonia), brain lining (meningitis), blood (bacteremia), or ear (otitis).
These infections may be very serious in young children and older adults. Streptococcus 
pneumoniae is also known as S pneumoniae . There are about 100 types of S pneumoniae .
What is the c7vPnC vaccine?
This study is about a vaccine called the “complementary 7 -valent pneumococcal 
conjugate vaccine”, or c7vPnC. A vaccine is used to help prevent infection by helping 
the body to fight off germs. c7vPnC may help to prevent infections caused by 
Spneumoniae . It is called "7 -valent" because it has the potential to prevent 7 common 
types of S pneumoniae . 
It is referred to as "complementary" as it is expected be used with Prevnar 13®, a 
vaccine approved in the United States that is made up of components to prevent 
disease caused by 13 types of S pneumoniae . 
When used together ,c7vPnC and Prevnar 13 could have the potential to prevent 
disease caused by 20 different types of S pneumon iae. 
c7vPnC is an investigational vaccine, which means that it has not been approved for 
general use and it is not yet known if it will protect against disease caused by 
Spneumoniae .
What was the purpose of this study?
The main purpose of this study was to learn about the safety of c7vPnC in healthy 
infants, when given with or separate lyfrom Prevnar 13. 
090177e19737c613\Approved\Approved On: 07-Jun-2021 03:27 (GMT)
Researchers wanted to know:
How many of the infants in the study:
oHad redness, swelling, or pain at the injection site within 7 days of each 
vaccination?
oHad fever, low appetite, sleepiness, or irritability within 7 days after each 
vaccination? 
oHad medical problems from Dose 1 to 1 month after Dose 3, and from 
Dose 4 or the supplemental dose to 1 month after?
oHad serious medical problems or a ny newly diagnosed chronic medical 
problems during the study?