Hemophilia is a disease that is “inherited”, which means it runs in families, and while 
girls and women can have it too, it mainly affects boys and men.  People with 
hemophilia have problems with their blood not clotting.  After an injury, someone 
with hemophilia will bruise more easily and, if cut, will bleed for longer , but not faster .  
Sometimes bleeding can happen inside the body and this “intern al bleeding” can lead 
to serious problems.
People with hemophilia have low amounts of one of two proteins called factor VIII 
and factor IX.  When that protein that is essential to clotting is either missing or 
doesn’t work properly, they are diagnosed with hemophilia.  People with low factor 
VIII have hemophilia A ,while p eople with low factor IX have hemophilia B.  
Doctors prescribe medicines called “factor replacement therapy” to help the blood 
clot in people with hemophilia.  These treatments work by rep lacing clotting factors 
VIII or IX.  People with hemophilia A have the option of using Hemlibra, which is 
treatment for factor VIII replacement.  Some people cannot be treated with factor 
replacement therapy for long amounts of time as the body can develop “inhibitors” 
that stop the treatment from working.  Thus other types of treatments are needed to 
help people with hemophilia. 
Another way hemophilia may be treated is to stop the protein called “tissue factor 
pathway inhibitor” (TFPI).  TFPI acts like a br akeand slow s the clotting of blood.  
Marstacimab (PF -06741086) is anew type of treatment known as a monoclonal 
antibody.  Monoclonal antibodies are copie s of certain proteins found in the body that 
can help treat different conditions.  Marstacimab works by attaching to TFPI, which 
removes the brake and lets the blood clot in people with hemophilia A and B with or 
without inhibitors .  
Marstacimab is given as a subcutaneous injection with a needle just underneath the 
skin.  The medicine eventually enters the bloodstream and is carried around the body 
where it may help to prevent or reduce the number of bleeding episodes.
The purpose of this study was to lear n more about the safety of Marstacimab at 
different doses in participants with severe hemophilia.
090177e1998ce8e2\Approved\Approved On: 08-Mar-2022 07:37 (GMT)
3