Lung cancer is the name for cancer that starts in the lungs.  Non-small cell lung 
cancer (NSCLC) is the most common type of lung cancer .  Some patients have 
NSCLC that is referred to as “ ALK -positive” or “ ROS1 -positive” .  These patients 
have changes in their genes that can cause cancer cells to grow .
The Sponsor is developing a n investigational medicine called lorlatinib to treat 
ALK -positive and ROS1 -positive lung cancers.  There are certain p roteins called 
“kinases” that help cancer cells to grow .As they grow, the cancer cells can form into 
a tumor and spread to other parts of the body , such as the br ain.  Lorlatinib may be 
able to block kinases , potentially reducing tumor size and stopping ALK -positive and 
ROS1 -positive lung cancers from being able to grow and spread . Lorlatinib is known 
as an “ ALK -inhibitor” medication.
This was the first study to test lorlatinib in humans .  At the time this study began, 
lorlatinib was not approved for use outside of research studies.  Since that time, 
lorlatinib has been approved in the United States for certain patients.   
The researche rs wanted to learn more about the effects of lorlatinib, and to find the 
correct dose for treati ng ALK -positive and ROS1 -positive lung cancer patients .  This 
study was divided into 2 parts: phase 1 and phase 2.   
The purpose of the study was to answer the following questions :
For phase 1, what “dose -limiting toxicities” did patients have at each 
dose during th eir first treatment cycle ?
“Dose -limiting toxicities ”(DLTs )are certain medical problems caused by 
taking lorlatinib which require the patient to lower the dose or stop taking the 
medic ine(permanently or temporarily). DLTs can be many things, and may 
include, for example, fever with a low count of white blood cells orswelling in 
the pancreas . 
For phase 2, how many patients would have a reduction in tumor size 
after taking lorlatinib?
090177e18fbbbabd\Approved\Approved On: 12-Nov-2018 09:07 (GMT)
3