What are Streptococcus pneumoniae and influenza?
Streptococcus pneumoniae is a type of bacteria that can cause serious diseases, including 
infections of the lung (pneumonia), brain lining (meningitis), blood (bacteremia), or 
ear (otitis). These infections may be very serious in older adults. Streptococcus 
pneumoniae is also known as S. pneumoniae or pneumococcus. 
Influenza (or “the flu”) is a respiratory illness caused by influenza viruses.  The flu 
may cause symptoms like fever, body aches, or sore throat. The flu can be serious in 
older adults.
What are 20vPnC and SIIV?
A vaccine is used to help prevent infection by helping the body to fight off germs. 
After a vaccine is injected into a person’s body, the body responds to help fight 
infections and prevent diseases. The response to vaccines includes making 
“antibodies”, which are proteins that fight infections and help to prevent disease .
The “20 -valent pneumococcal conjugate vaccine”, or 20vPnC, may help to prevent 
infections caused by S. pneumoniae. It is called “20-valent ”because 20vPnC may help 
to prevent 20 of the most common types of S. pneumoniae . 20vPnC is an 
investigational vacc ine and it was not approved for general use at the time of this 
study. 
The seasonal inactivated influenza vaccine (SIIV) is commonly known as a “flu shot”.  
The SIIV used in the study is currently approved in the United States for helping to 
prevent influ enza (“the flu”) in adults 65 years of age and over .
What was the purpose of this study?
The main purpose of this study was to learn about the safety and the effects of 
20vPnC and SIIV in participants 65 years and older, when given together or 
separately. Researchers wanted to know:
Did participants who received 20vPnC and SIIV together have 
antibody responses against S. pneumoniae that were considered to 
be not lower (noninferior) to those who received 20vPnC 
separately?
Did participants who received 20vP nC and SIIV together have 
antibody responses against influenza that were considered to be 
not lower (noninferior) to those who received SIIV separately? 
How many participants had redness, swelling, or pain at the 
injection site within 10 days after vaccin ation with 20vPnC?
How many participants had fever, headache, tiredness, muscle 
pain, or joint pain within 7 days after vaccination with 20vPnC?
How many participants had medical problems within 1 month after 
each vaccination?
How many participants had ser ious medical problems within 
6months after the last vaccination?  
How many participants had newly diagnosed chronic medical 
conditions within 6 months after the last vaccination?