Streptococcus pneumoniae is a type of bacteria  that can cause serious diseases, including 
infections of the lung ( pneumonia ), brain lining ( meningitis ), blood ( bacteremia ), or 
ear (otitis).  These infections may be very serious in young children and older adults.  
Streptococcus pneumoniae is also known as S.  pneumoniae  or pneumococcus .  Currently 
there are 100  known types of S. pneumoniae.  
This study is about a vaccine called the “20 -valent pneumococcal conjugate vaccine”, 
or 20vPnC.  A vaccine is used to help prevent infection by helping the body to fight 
off germs.  20vPnC may help to prevent infections caused by S.  pneumoniae.  It is called 
"20-valent" because 20vPnC prevents 20 of the most common types of S. pneumoniae . 
20vPnC is an investigational vaccine and it was not approved for general use  at the 
time of this study.  
After a vaccine is injected into a person’s body, the body responds  to help fight 
infections and prevent diseases.  The response to vaccines includes making 
“antibodies”, which are proteins that fight infections and help to prevent diseases.   
In the United States, the “13 -valent pneumococcal conjugate vaccine”, or 13vPnC , is 
currently approved for preventing S. pneumoniae diseases in children and adults.  
13vPnC is made up of components to prevent diseases caused by 13 types of 
S. pneumoniae.  20vPnC has the same components found in 13vPnC, plus 7 additional 
components that may widen protection.  The Pneumovax 23 vaccine, or PPSV23, is made up of components to prevent diseases caused by 23 types of S. pneumoniae . 
The main purpose of this study was to learn about the safety of 20vPnC in participant s aged between 60 and 64 y ears.  The researchers wanted to know if any of 
the participant s had redness, swelling, or pain at the injection site after they were 
given the vaccine.  The researchers also wanted to know abou t participant s who had a 
fever, felt tired, had headache s, muscle pain s, and/or pain in the joints  or took 
medicine for pain or fever after the vaccination .  
 
 3