What is alopecia areata ?
Alopecia areata is an autoimmune disorder, which may be chronic and reoccurring , 
where a patient experience snon-scarring hair loss .  It can affect adults and children 
across all ages, races, and sexes.   Alopecia areata can have a large impact on the
psychological health of both adult and pediatric patients, including damage to the
patient’s self-esteem, an increased occurrence of anxiety and depressi onand other 
psychological conditions, problems with social relationships , decreased health -related 
quality of life and a general decline in quality of life .
Patchy alopecia areata is the most common form of alopecia areata, which may 
develop into more widespread and often treatment -resistant forms of alopecia areata, 
especially when the disease starts a t an earlier age.  Alopecia areata involving 50% or 
greater scalp hair loss, including the loss of all the hair on the scalp ( alopecia totalis)
and the loss of all scalp, face and body hair (alopecia universalis) can be considered 
extensive form sof alopecia areata . 
What is Ritlecitinib ?
Ritlecitinib is a small molecule oral medication .  Small molecule s canmove easily 
through the cell membrane to interact with targeted molecules present inside a cell .
Ritlecitinib inhibits the enzymes (protein molecule in cells which speed up chemical 
reactions in the body) known as a Janus kinase 3 (JAK3) and tyrosine kinase 
expressed in hepatocellular carcinoma ( TEC )family . These enzymes are important 
regulators of inflammatory pathways in the cell and cause the production of molecules 
known as cytokines.  It is believed that these inflammatory pathways and cytokines are 
involved in dermatologic diseases such as vitiligo, atopic dermatitis ,as well as alopecia 
areata . What was the purpose of this study?
The purpose of this study was to compare ritlecitinib with a placebo to determine 
ritlecitinib ’s efficacy and safety in treating alopecia areata patients . Ritlecitinib is an 
investigational medication because it is not approved for use . The placebo looks like 
the study medication but does not contain any active ingredients. Researchers 
compare dthe results of taking the placebo to the results of taking ritlecitinib to see if 
there were any difference s.
Researchers wanted to know:
Did the participants taking ritlecitinib have a better response than 
theparticipants taking placebo atWeek 24 ?