Acute myeloid leukemia (or “AML”) and myelodysplastic syndrome (or “MDS”) are 
types of blood cancers that usually affect patients over the age of 40.  These cancers 
are caused by too many immature white blood cells being made in the bone marrow.  
This redu ces the ability of the body to make normal blood cells such as white blood 
cells (that fight off infections), red blood cells (that deliver oxygen to muscles and 
organs), and platelets (that help blood clot).  The treatment options for AML and 
MDS are limi ted if the patient can’t receive “intensive” chemotherapy (strong 
medications) because of other medical problems.  Researchers are looking for new 
medicines that can help patients with AML and MDS live longer without their cancer 
rapidly getting worse.
Glasdegib (now approved under the brand name Daurismo®in the United States) was 
the investigational medicine tested in this study, and it was not yet approved at the 
beginning of this study.  Glasdegib was developed to help reduce growth of cancerous 
stem ce lls in the bone marrow.  Cancer stem cells are cells that self -regenerate and 
contribute to tumor growth.  These cancer stem cells may be one of the reasons why 
some cancers return after chemotherapy treatment.  
This study was divided into 2 parts, or “ph ases”.  The main purpose of the first phase 
of the study (Phase 1) was to determine the best dose of glasdegib to use in the 
second phase of the study (Phase 2).  To do this, the researchers asked:
What dose -limiting toxicities, or “DLTs”, did patients hav e during 
1treatment cycle with glasdegib?
DLTs are certain medical problems caused by taking glasdegib which require 
the patient to lower the dose or stop taking the medicine temporarily or 
permanently.
For Phase 2, there were 2 main questions that the re searchers wanted to ask, 
depending on whether the patients were “Fit” (healthy enough to be treated with 
intensive chemotherapy) or “Unfit” (unable to be treated with intensive chemotherapy 
because of other medical problems):
How many Fit patients would ac hieve “complete remission” when 
taking glasdegib? 
090177e19345ec56\Approved\Approved On: 20-Apr-2020 03:53 (GMT)
3In this study, complete remission or complete response meant that the patients 
no longer had any evidence of AML or MDS.
Do Unfit patients taking glasdegib with non -intensive chemotherapy 
(low-dose Ara -C, or “LDAC”) live longer than those taking LDAC alone? 
In this study, Unfit patients received an alternative chemotherapy medicine 
(LDAC) that was approved for use in patients at the time.