What is breast cancer?
Breast cancer is the most common cancer in women.  In 2012, about 1.7 million 
women were diagnosed with breast cancer and over 522,000 women died due to the 
disease.  
Some people carry changes or “mutations” in their DNA in genes called breast cancer 
susceptibility (BRCA) genes 1 and 2, or “BRCA1” and “BRCA2”.  BRCA gene 
mutations can be inherited by a child from one of their parents (germline).  When a 
person’s BRCA1 o r BRCA2 genes contain mutations, it can cause breast cancer.  
Researchers are looking for treatments for breast cancer patients with BRCA 
mutations. 
What is talazoparib?
Talazoparib (Talzenna®) is known as a PARP inhibitor.  PARP inhibitors aredrugs
thatarebelieved to inhibit (stop) the normal activity of certain proteins called “Poly 
(ADP -ribose) polymerases”, also called “PARPs”.  PARPs are proteins (made from 
genes which are part of DNA) that are found in all normal and cancer cells that are 
involved in the repair of DNA.  PARPs are needed to repair mistakes that can happen 
in DNA when cells divide.  If the mistakes are not repaired, the cell will usually die 
and be replaced.  Cells with mistakes in their DNA (like cells with BRCA1 and 
BRCA2 gene muta tions) that do not die can become cancer cells.  
Clinical trials have shown that the use of talazoparib, as well as other PARP inhibitors, 
may reduce tumor size and slow tumor growth in patients with certain types of cancer 
with BRCA1 or BRCA2 mutations. Talazoparib is given in a capsule and is taken by 
mouth once daily at around the same time every day.  
What was the purpose of this study?
Talazoparib is now approved in the United States, the European Union, and other 
countries for the treatment of people with a certain type of breast cancer (human 
090177e1976a02d4\Approved\Approved On: 28-Jun-2021 02:29 (GMT)
epidermal growth factor receptor 2 [HER2] -negative), who have an abnormal 
inherited BRCA gene, and their cancer has spread beyond the original tumor (“locally 
advanced”) or has spread to other parts of the body (“metastatic”).  This study was 
done to see if talazoparib treatment followed by surgery could result in a “pathologic 
complete response” ( complete disappearance of cancer in the breast or underarm 
lymph node tissues at surgery ) in participants with early breast cancer (original 
location) who have inherited a BRCA1 or BRCA2 gene mutation in HER2 negative 
breast cancer.  
Researchers also wan ted to learn more about the safety of talazoparib.  They 
monitored the participants for any medical problems that happened while they were 
in the study.