What is atopic dermatitis ? 
Atopic dermatitis is a common skin condition that can cause many symptoms, such as 
itching, redness, and a rash that is scaling or oozing.  The symptoms can look differ ent on different people.  Atopic dermatitis is also known as eczema.  There is no 
known cure for this condition.  People with atopic dermatitis often have this condition for many years, and may have “flare ups”, when their symptoms worsen for 
a time.  
What is crisaborole ? 
Crisaborole is a medicine that is used to treat atopic dermatitis.  It is applied to the 
skin as an ointment  twice a day.  Crisaborole may improve symptoms of atopic 
dermatitis by decreasing inflammation in the skin.  Inflammation is the body’s 
immune system response, which can lead to symptoms such as redness.  
What was the purpose of this study?  
The purpose of the study was to see if the symptoms of mild to moderate atopic 
dermatitis were reduced when crisaborole ointment was applied twice a day to the 
affected area compared to when a vehicle  ointment  was used .  The  vehicle ointment  
does not have any medicine  in it, but it looks and feels just like the crisaborol e 
ointment .  Some participants in the study were given  hydrocortisone butyrate cream  (a 
topical corticosteroid ) and other s used pimecrolimus cream (a topical calcineurin 
inhibitor ) rather than the crisaborole  ointment  or vehicle ointment .  Topical means a 
treatment that is used on the skin.  Corticosteroid  and calcineurin inhibitor cream s are 
commonly used to treat atopic  dermatitis .  The researchers also included treatment 
with these 2  creams in the study because they also wanted to see what happen ed when 
hydrocortisone butyrate cream and pimecrolimus cream were used instead of crisaborole or vehicle ointment .  
Researchers wanted to know:  
 
Did symptoms of atopic dermatitis improve in areas of skin treated 
with crisaborole, compared to areas of skin treated with vehicle 
ointment or the comparator creams ?