Many treat ments for cancer work by trying to help the body’s immune system attack 
and kill cancer cells.  However, these treatments do not work for all patients, and 
some only work for a short time before the patient’s cancer gets worse.  Researchers 
think that comb ining different medications that help the immune system fight cancer 
in different ways could help patients’ cancer get better.
ARRY -382 is a study drug that has not been approved by the United States Food and 
Drug Administration (FDA).  ARRY -382 is taken by mouth once a day.  ARRY -382 is 
thought to work by helping the immune system slow or stop the growth of cancer 
cells.  Pembrolizumab is approved by the FDA for the treatment of patients with 
many different types of cancer, and is given through a needle i nto a vein (IV).  
Pembrolizumab also works by helping the immune system slow or stop the growth of 
cancer cells, but in a different way than ARRY -382.  Studies in animals found that 
combining these 2 types of medicines helped the immune system do a better job of 
slowing the growth of tumors.
This study was divided into 2 parts, or “phases”. The main purpose of the first phase 
of the study (Phase 1) was to determine the best dose of ARRY -382 to use in Phase 2 
when given with the drug pembrolizumab.  To do this, the researchers asked,
What dose -limiting toxicities, or “DLTs”, did patients have when taking 
ARRY -382 with pembrolizumab?
DLTs are certain medical problems caused by taking ARRY -382 with 
pembrolizumab which require the patient to lower the dose or stop taking the 
medicine temporarily or permanently.
Phase 2 of the study was designed to see whether ARRY -382, when taken together 
with the drug pembrolizumab, had a beneficial effect on the patients’ cancer 
(improved symptoms, reduced rate of tumor growt h or decreased the size of tumors 
in the body). To do this, the researchers asked,
How many patients had their cancer get better when taking ARRY -382 
with pembrolizumab?
The researchers also monitored the patients for any medical problems that they had 
during the study.
090177e1955b5211\Approved\Approved On: 27-Oct-2020 06:22 (GMT)
3