What is Advanced Breast Cancer ?
Sometimes, breast cancer can spread from the breast to other parts of the body, most 
often to the bones, lungs, liver, or brain.  This is called advanced breast cancer.  
Advanced breast cancer cannot be treated by surgery or radiation therapy with the 
intention to cure the cancer, butto slow down the development of the cancer and 
help the patient live longer.  The participants in this study had estrogen receptor -
positive [ER (+)] breast cancer, human epidermal growth factor receptor 2 negative 
[HER2 ( -)] advanced breast cancer.  The cells of ER (+) breast cancer have receptors 
that allow them to use the hormone estrogen to grow and HER2 ( -) means that the 
participants have a normal amount of HER2 proteins in the breast cells (too much of 
this protein means that there is another type of cancer present).  This type [ER (+), 
HER2 ( -)] of advanced breast cancer is sensitive to hormonal treatment.  
What is Palbociclib ?
Palbociclib is a medicine that has been used to treat a specific type of breast cancer 
known as hormone receptor positive [HR (+)] andHER2 ( -).  A hormone receptor is 
a receptor molecule that binds to a specific hormone .  A breast cancer is classified as 
HR (+) if its cel ls have receptors for the hormones ;estrogen and progesterone.  
Palbociclib targets the functioning of specific proteins or enzymes called 
cyclin -dependent kinases (CDK4 and CDK6).  These enzymes are important for 
normal cell division and when they are dam aged, they may cause cancer cells to grow 
and spread.  Certain cancers, for example, ER (+), are more likely to have 
disturbances in CDK4 and CDK6.  Palbociclib prevents the CDK4 and CDK6 
enzymes from functioning which stops the cells from dividing and sto ps the growth 
of breast cancer cells.  
What was the purpose of this study?
The purpose of this research study was to compare the effect of the study drug, 
palbociclib, plus letrozole, with placebo plus letrozole to find out which is better for 
treating ad vanced breast cancer in Asian women who have not received any previous 
systemic treatment and have already experienced menopause (stopping of menstrual 
periods permanently ).
090177e1978c0819\Approved\Approved On: 19-Jul-2021 02:52 (GMT)
Palbociclib is a n approved medicine.  
Systemic treatment is any medication that travels through your body in the 
bloodstream to find, damage ,or destroy cancer cells. It includes 
chemotherapy, immunotherapy, hormone therapy ,or targeted therapy.
A placebo looks like the medicine under study but does not contain any 
medicine.  Researc hers use a placebo to see if the study medicine works better 
or is safer than not taking it.
Letrozole is a hormonal medicine that is approved for the treatment of 
advanced breast cancer that is sensitive to hormonal treatment.  Letrozole is
available outside of this research study by a doctor’s prescription .
Researchers wanted to know: 
Did the participants taking palbociclib plus letrozole have a better 
progression -free survival (PFS) than participants that were ta king 
placebo plus letrozole?
Researchers wanted to determine the PFS of participants taking palbociclib 
plus letrozole and compare it to the PFS of participants taking placebo plus 
letrozole. 
The PFS is the length of time during and after receiving a treatment for a 
disease, during which a patient lives with the disease not getting worse.
How participants tolerated palbociclib and whether it caused any 
medical problems?
Researchers also wanted to learn more about the safety and tolerability of 
palbocic lib.  
They monitored the participants for any medical problems that happened 
while they were in the study.
090177e1978c0819\Approved\Approved On: 19-Jul-2021 02:52 (GMT)