Ulcerative colitis (“UC”) is a long -term inflammatory bowel disease that causes 
inflammation (swelling) and ulcers (sores) in the digestive tract.  UC affects the 
mucosa (inner lining) of the large intestine (colon) and rectum.   Patients with UC 
experience occasional periods of increased inflammation, known as flares.  Flares are 
chara cterized by diarrhea (loose stools) and presence of blood in the stools, as well as 
sense of urgency.  Flares are followed by periods of remission (time with no 
symptoms) that vary in length from weeks to years.
There is no known cure for UC.  Treatment ca n greatly reduce signs and symptoms of 
UC and can even lead to long -term remission.  However, t here are few treatment 
options for patients with moderately to severely active UC.  Medication is the most 
common treatment for UC.  Tofacitinib is a medicine th at works to reduce the activity 
of the immune system.  It is an oral (taken by mouth) medication that has been 
approved, and is available by prescription, to treat adults with active, moderate to 
severe UC that did not respond well to other medications .
Researchers have continued to study tofacitinib to find out more about its safety and 
how well it works.  In one study , researchers saw that participant swith UC who took 
either 5mg or 10 mg of tofacitinib twice a day were more likely to stay in remission 
compared to participants who took placebo.  H owever, a formal study to compare a 
reduced dose of tofacitinib (5 mg twice a day) to the standard dose (10 mg twice a 
day) of tofacitinib had not been done.
In this study, researchers wanted to find out if participants with UC who were in 
stable remission (ongoing time with no symptoms) would stay in remission if the dose 
of the treatment was reduced from 10 mg of tofacitinib twice a day to 5 mg of 
tofacitinib twice a day.  Researchers wanted to answer the question:
What difference did switching from 10 mg of tofacitinib twice a day to 5 mg 
of tofacitinib twice a day have on the percent of participants in remission after 
6months compared to staying on 10 mg of tofacitinib tw ice a day?
Researchers also wanted to learn more about the safety of tofacitinib in participants
090177e196b5cffe\Approved\Approved On: 06-Apr-2021 07:09 (GMT)
3who switched from 10 mg of tofacitinib twice a day to 5 mg of tofacitinib twice a day 
compared to participants who continued to take 10 mg of tofacitinib twice a day .  
They monitored participants for any medical problems that happened while they were 
taking tofacitinib .
The results for the primary endpoint (percent of participants in remission after 
6months) as well as safety results for participants from the start of the study until 
February 2020 (27 months) are summarized here.