What is meningococcal disease?
Invasive meningococcal disease is an illness which may cause a serious infection in the
blood, as well as swelling around the brain and spinal cord. Meningococcal disease is
more common in young children than adults. Children who get this illness are at risk 
forhearing loss and other disabilities. However, invasive meningococcal disease may 
be prevented with a vaccine. A vaccine is a type of medicine that helps peo ple fight 
off germs.
Meningococcal disease is caused by the meningococcus germ. There are different
types of this germ. For example, meningococcal type A disease is caused by the
meningococcus A germ. 
What are MenACWY -TT and 13 -Valent Pneumococcal Conju gate 
Vaccine?
MenACWY -TT (Nimenrix®) is a vaccine approved for the prevention of 
meningococcal disease. This vaccine targets 4 common types of meningococcus germ: 
A, C, Y, and W. It is given by injection into the muscle.
Some children in this study also received another vaccine, called 13 Valent 
Pneumococcal Conjugate Vaccine (Prev enar13®). Prev enar13 is often given at the 
same time as MenACWY -TT. Prevenar 13 targets 13 common types of the 
pneumococcus germ, which can cause ear infections or other serio us infections. It is 
given by injection into the muscle. 
For this study, MenACWY -TT was considered an investigational vaccine, which 
means that it’s still being studied.
090177e19836da19\Approved\Approved On: 04-Oct-2021 01:59 (GMT)
What was the purpose of this study?
The main purpose of this study was to learn about the safety and effects of 
MenACWY -TTin toddler -aged children, when given alone or together with 13-Valent 
Pneumococcal Conjugate Vaccine . 
Researchers wanted to know:
Would children have an immune response against meningococcus 
germs 1 month after receiving their last dose of MenACWY -TT?
Would children still have an immune response against 
meningococcus germs 1 year, 3 years, and 5 years after receiving 
their last dose of MenACWY -TT?
To answer these questions, researchers collected blood samples from the children. 
The researchers looked for antibodies in the blood against the 4 different types of
meningococcus germ. Antibodies are special proteins made by the body that can 
recognize and help kill germs. This is known as an “immune response”.  Antibodies 
may protect children from getting sick when they come into contact with 
meningococcus germs.