The 13 -valent pneumococcal conjugate vaccine ( 13vPnC )may help prevent 
pneumococcal disease cause dby the “bacteria ”,or germ ,Streptococcus pneumonia e. This
germ is also known as S.pneumonia e, pneumococcus ,or pneumococci .  S. pneumonia e
can spread from person to person through coughing and sneezing .  Sometimes the 
S.pneumonia ecan cause p neumococcal disease .  This can include infections in the ear 
and/orinthe “sinuses”, which arethe space sin the bones behind the nose as well as 
more serious conditions such as “meningitis ” or “pneumonia ”.  Meningitis happens
when S.pneumoniae infect the covering saround the brain and spinal cord ,and 
pneumonia happens wh en the pneumococcal infection is in the lungs.
When given the 13vPnC vaccine , a person’s “immune system ”make s“antibodies” 
against 13 different sugars in the vaccine.  These sugars are like the ones found on the 
surface of S. pneumoniae , with a different sugar on the surface of each “strain” or type 
of S.pneumoniae. The immune system is what defends the body from germs like 
S.pneumoniae .  Antibodies are germ -fighting proteins that can recognize 13 common 
strains of S. pneumoniae that cause people to become sick.  Once the immune system 
recognize s the pneumococci , the immune system can then kill the pneumococci and 
stop an infection from developing in someone who has been vaccinated .  This will 
only happen if the infection is caused by 1 of the 13 most common types of 
S.pneumoniae that the vaccine protects against.
13vPnC is a vaccine that has been approved for sale in many countries ,including 
Europe and Japan where it is sold as Prevenar 13®and the United States wh ere it is 
known as Prevnar 13®.  In Japan, the 13vPnC vaccine can be given to infants and 
children under 6 years and to people who are aged 65 years and older. This vaccine is 
not currently licensed for use in people aged 6 to 64 years in Japan .  The researchers 
did this st udy to learn more about how this vaccine works in Japanese people aged 
6to 64 years.