Lung cancer is the name for cancer that starts in the lungs.  Non -small cell lung 
cancer (NSCLC) is the most common type of lung cancer.  Some patients have 
NSCLC that is referred to as “anaplastic lymphoma kinase (ALK) -negative” or “c -ros 
oncogene 1 (ROS1) -positive”.  These patients have changes in their genes that can 
cause cancer cells to grow.
The Sponsor is developing an anti -cancer medication called crizotini b to treat 
ALK -negative and ROS1 -positive lung cancers.  ALK and ROS1 belong to a certain 
group of proteins called “kinases”.  These proteins can help cancer cells to grow.  As 
they grow, the cancer cells can form into a tumor and spread to other parts of the 
body.  Crizotinib may be able to block kinases, potentially reducing tumor size and 
stopping ALK -negative and ROS1 -positive lung cancers from being able to grow and 
spread.  Crizotinib is known as an “ALK -inhibitor and ROS1 -inhibitor” medication.
Xalko ri®(crizotinib) is approved in the United States ( US), Europe, and countries in 
East Asia including South Korea, Taiwan, Japan, and China, for treatment of locally 
advanced (cancer has not spread to distant regions of the body but has spread to 
nearby organs) or metastatic (cancer has spread outside lungs) NSCLC that are 
ALK -positive.  Crizotinib is also approved in the US and Europe for advanced 
(metastatic) NSCLC whose tumors have an ROS1 gene alteration, resulting in 
ROS1 -positive NSCLC.  Crizotinib is given in a capsule and is taken by mouth twice 
daily at around the same time every morning and every evening.
The main purpose of this study was to see if treatment with crizotinib is useful in 
patients in East-Asia, including South Korea, Taiwan, Japan , and China, with 
ROS1 -positive and ALK -negative NSCLC.  To do this, researchers asked:
How well did crizotinib treatment work to keep ROS1 -positive and 
ALK -negative NSCLC from growing?
The researchers also wanted to know if any of the patients’ cancer got smaller during 
the study.  To do this, they measured many things, including the “ Objective Response 
090177e1960e4998\Approved\Approved On: 20-Jan-2021 09:49 (GMT)
3Rate”.  This is the percentage of patients whose cancer disappeared or got smaller 
during treatment.
Researchers were also interested in learning more abou t the safety of crizotinib.  They 
monitored the patients for any medical problems that happened while they were 
taking crizotinib or after they stopped taking crizotinib.