Clinical Study Results
This summary reports the results of only one study. Researchers must look at the 
results of many types of studies to understand if a study medication works, how it 
works, and if it is safe to prescribe to study patients . The results of this study might 
be different than the results of other studies that th e researchers review .
Sponsor:    Pfizer Inc. 
Medicine(s) Studied: Crisaborole (PF -06930164)
Protocol Number: C329 1038
Dates of Study: 26June 2020 to 19October 2021
Title of this Study: Study Comparing Treatment Effects ofCrisaborole 
Ointment with Vehicle Ointment (No Crisaborole) in 
Adult s with Stasis Dermatitis
[A Phase 2, Randomized, Double -Blind, 
Vehicle -Controlled, Proof -of-Concept Study to Evaluate 
the Efficacy, Safety, and Local Tolerability of Crisaborole
Ointment, 2%, in Adult Participants with Stasis 
Dermatitis without Active Skin Ulceration ]
Date(s) of this Report: 04 May 2022
–Thank You –
If you participated in this study, Pfizer, the Sponsor, would like to thank you for your 
participation. 
This summary will describe the study results. If you have any questions about the study 
or the results, please contact the doctor or staff at your study site.Why was this study done?
What is stasis dermatitis?
Stasis dermatitis is a skin condition that occ urs on the lower legs because of slow or 
stopp edblood flow. Its symptoms include redness ,itch, pain, reduced comfort ,
swelling and not being able to perform daily activities. Stasis dermatitis mostly affects 
older people .  Around 15 to 20 million people older than 50 years have stasis 
dermatitis in the United States.
What is crisaborole?
Crisaborole is an oil-based preparation (also referred to as ‘ointment’) which is applied 
onto the skin . Researche rs think that crisaborole may help treat stasis dermati tis by 
decreasing inflammation in the skin. Inflammation is a type of defense mechanism
the body has , which can lead to symptoms likeredness and swelling.
Crisaborole ointment is approved in the US (EUCRISA™) and is availabl e by 
prescription for treating mild to moderate atopic dermatitis (also known as atopic 
eczema which is a condition that causes the skin to become itchy, dry ,and cracked).  
However, it is an investigational drug in this study because it is not approved fo r the 
treatment of stasis dermatitis.
What was the purpose of this study?
The purpose of this study wasto compare the effects of crisaborole ointment and 
vehicle ointment to treat the symptoms of stasis dermatitis .The vehicle ointment is 
just like the crisaborole ointment, but it does not contain the active ingredient, 
crisaborole.Researchers wanted to know:
Did the symptoms of stasis dermatitis decrease in participants 
treated with crisaborole ointment compared to participants treated 
with vehicle ointment?
What happened during the study?
How was the study done?
Researchers tested crisaborole on a group of adult participants to find out if 
participants taking crisaborole ointment (the test medicine) had improved symptoms 
of stasis dermatitis compared to participants taking the vehicle ointment.
Participants took part in this study athome .  The study required a total of 3 home
visits by home visiting clinicians. First, participants were screened by the clinician to 
make sure they had stasis dermatitis and did not have any other health problems to be
able to join the study. This was known as the “screening period” and lasted up to 
4weeks . Participants who were able to join the study then entered a 6 -week long 
treatment period . During the treatment period, participants were to apply the 
ointment twice a day to theareas of skin affected by the stasis dermatitis. Participants 
were asked to provide answers to questionnaires and to take pictures of the lower part 
of their legs(knees to feet only) . 
The study participants and researchers did not know who applied the crisaborole
ointment and who applied the vehicle ointment .  This is known as a “ double -blinded” 
study. Participants were assigned by chance alone (like the flip of a coin), to receive 
the crisaborole ointment or vehicle ointment. Participants had a 50% (1 in 2) chance 
of receiving the crisaborole ointment and a 50% (1 in 2) chance of receiving the 
vehicle ointment. The ointments looked alike .No one (including the participants, 
the doctor, orthe study team) wasable to choose the group the participant was in. This was done to make sure that the study results were not influenced by anyone in 
any way.
On Day 1 (the first day of treatment), partici pants were visited at home by the staff 
from the study site before they started their treatment .  On Days 8, 15, 22, 29 ,and 36
during the treatment period , participants received telemedicine check -ups, which were 
audio and video calls to check for any medical problems.  On Day 43 (end of 
treatment), participants were visited again at home .  Participants then received a
follow -up telemedicine check -up on Day 71.  This was considered the end of the 
study.
The following figure shows what happ ened during the study .
Figure 1. Study Plan
Where did this study take place?
The Sponsor ran this study at 4 sites in the United States.
When did this study take place?
It began 26June 2020 and ended 19October 2021.
Who participated in this study?
The study included participants older than 45 years who had stasis dermatitis.
A total of 66 eligible participants were assigned to receive the study treatment ; 
32participants in the vehicle group and 33 participants in the crisaborole group were 
treated. One (1) participant in the vehicle group was not treated because they decided 
not to use the study medication.
A total of 35men participated
A total of 30women participated
All participants were between the ages of 48years and 95 years .
Participants were to be treated for 6 weeks. Of the 65participants who were treated 
with crisaborole or vehicle ointment, 49out of the 65 participants finished their 
treatment.   There were 64 out of 65 participants who finished the follow -up part of 
thestudy , 1participant in the vehicle group was lost to follow -up after not continuing 
their treatment.
There were 16 participants ( 16out of 65, or 25%) who did not finish treatment with 
crisaborole or vehicle ointment because of:
Medical problems of which most were not related to the treatment 
(8participants [ 12%])*.
The participant was not diagnosed correctly according to study requirements
(1participant [2%]).
The participant decided to stop treatment by choice (7participants [ 11%]).
*One of the 8 participants had a medical problem which was present before the first 
dose of vehicle ointment , so it was not considered to be caused by the treatment or 
‘treatment emergent’.  How long did the study last?
Study participants were in the study for about 14weeks . The entire study took 
15½months to complete.
When the study ended in October 2021, the Sponsor began reviewing the information 
collected.  The Sponsor then created a report of the results.  This is a summary of that 
report.
What were the results of the study?
Did the symptoms of stasis dermatitis decrease in participants 
treated with crisaborole ointment compared to participants treated 
with vehicle ointment?
To answer this question, the researchers used a clinical tool to rate the se verity of skin 
wounds caused by stasis dermatitis. This tool is called the Total Sign Score or TSS. 
The researchers compared the severity of symptoms from the time before participants 
started treatment to Day 43(end of treatment) . This gave the researchers the least 
square mean percent change in TSSfrom the start of the study on Day 1 to Day 43. 
Least square mean is a special way of calculating the average in some clinical studies.
The least square mean percent change in TSSfrom Day1to Day 43tells the 
researchers how the participant’s stasis dermatitis had changed after 42days of 
treatment in this study.
Did the study medication help improve the symptoms of stasis 
dermatitis compared to vehicle ointment ?
On average, participants who used crisaborole had a least square mean percent 
decrease in TSS at Day 43(Week 6) of 32% compared to 18% in participants who 
used the vehicle ointment (see Figure 2) .Figure 2. Least Square Mean Percent Change From Baseline in TSS at D ay 43 
(Week 6[End of Treatment] )in Participants with Stasis Dermatitis
Based on these results, the researchers have decided that the results are not likely the 
result of chance.  The crisaborole ointment may help improve the symptoms of stasis 
dermatitis.
This does not mean that everyone in this study had these results.  This is a summary of 
just some of the main results of this study.
What medical problems did participants have during 
the study?
The researchers recorded any medical problems the participants had during the study.  
Participants could have had medical problems for reasons not related to the study (for 
example, caused by an underlying disease or by chance). Or, medical problems could
also have been caused by a study treatment or by another medicine the participant was 
taking. Sometimes the cause of a medical problem is unknown. By comparing 
medical problems across many treatment groups in many studies, doctors try to 
understand what effects a study medication might have on a participant.
A total of 27out of 65participants (42%) in this study had at least 1 medical problem.   
There w ere7out of the 65 participants (11%) who stopped taking the treatment 
because of medical problems butdecided to continue in the study.  Noparticipants 
left the study because of medical problems.  The most common medical problems 
reported by more than 5% of participants in either group are described below . 
Below are instructions on how to read Table 1. 
Instructions for Understanding Table 1. 
The 1stcolumn of Table 1lists medical problems that were commonly 
reported during the study.  All medical problems reported by more 
than 5% of participants in either group are listed.
The 2ndcolumn tells how many of the 33participants taking the 
crisaborole ointment reported each medical problem.  Next to this 
number is the percentage of the 33participants taking the crisaborole
ointment who reported the medical problem. 
The 3rdcolumn tel ls how many of the 32participants taking the 
vehicle ointment reported each medical problem.  Next to this number is the percentage of the 32participants taking the vehicle ointment who 
reported the medical problem.
Using these instructions, you can see that 2out of the 33participants 
(6%) taking the crisaborole ointment reported an infection of the 
kidneys, bladder ,or urethra.   A total of 1out of the 32participants
(3%) taking the vehicle ointment reported an in fection of the kidneys, 
bladder ,or urethra.  
Table 1. Commonly reported medical problems by study 
participants
Medical 
ProblemCrisaborole Ointment
(33 Participants)Vehicle Ointment
(32 Participants)
Infection of the 
kidneys, 
bladder, or 
urethra2 out of 33 participants (6%) 1 out of 32 participants (3%)
Headache 2 out of 33 participants (6%) 1 out of 32 participants (3%)
Skin rash 2out of 33participants ( 6%) 1out of 32participants ( 3%)
Redness of skin 2 out of 33 participants (6%) 2 out of 32 participants (6%)
Itch 3 out of 33 participants (9%) 1 out of 32 participants (3%)Did study participants have any serious medical 
problems?
A medical problem is considered “serious” when it is life -threatening, needs hospital 
care, or causes lasting problems.
Five (5) participants ( 8%, or 5out of 65 participants) had serious medical problems.  
One (1) participant in the crisaborole ointment group had cellulitis.   Cellulitis is 
a serious infection of the skin caused by a germ (bacteria) .  This serious medical 
problem happened just before treatment had finished and the participant got 
better.  The doctor and the researcher did not think this was related to the 
crisaborole ointment.
Four ( 4)participants in the vehicle ointment group had serious medical 
problems.   Each of these are listed below:  
oOne (1)participant had cellulitis.   This serious medical problem 
happened just before treatment had finished and the participant got 
better.  The doctor and the researcher did not think this was related to 
the vehicle ointment.
oOne (1) participant had muscular dystrophy before joining the st udy, 
which then worsened during the study.  Muscular dystrophy causes 
muscle weakness.  The participant did not get better at the time of the 
last report .  The doctor and the researcher did not think this was related 
to the vehicle ointment.  
oOne (1) participant had a mass in their throat at the screening visit and 
was diagnosed with throat cancer during the study .  The participant did 
not get better at the time of the last report.  The doctor and the 
researcher did not think this was related to the vehicle ointment.  
oOne (1) participant had cystitis.   Cystitis is a n infection of the bladder 
caused by a germ (bacteria).  This serious medical problem happened during the treatment period and the participant got better.  The doctor 
and the researcher did not think this was related to the vehicle ointment.  
No participants died during the study.Where can I learn more about this study?
If you have questions ab out the results of your study, please speak with the doctor or 
staff at your study site.
For more details on your study protocol, please visit:
The full scientific report of this study is available online at:
www.clinicaltrials.gov Use the study identifier NCT 04091087
www.pfizer.com/research/
research_clinical_trials/trial_resultsUse the protocol number C3291038
Please remember that researchers look at the results of many studies to find out which 
medicines can work and are safe for study patients .
Again, if you participated in this study, 
thank you for volunteering.
We do research to try to find the 
best ways to help study patients , and you 
helped us to do that !