Clinical Study Results
This summary reports the results of only one study. Researchers must look at the 
results of many types of studies to understand if a study medication works, how it 
works, and if it is safe to prescribe to patients . The results of this study might be 
different than the results of other studies that the rese archers review.
Sponsor:    Pfizer Inc. 
Medicine(s) Studied: Ervogastat (PF -06865571)
Protocol Number: C2541007
Dates of Study: 11 May 2021 to06 August 2021
Title of this Study: A Study in Healthy Adult Male Participants to Assess 
Absorption, Distribution, Metabolism and Excretion 
(ADME) of Radiolabeled PF -06865571
[A Phase 1, Open -Label, Fixed -Sequence, 2 -Period
Study in Healthy Adult Male Participants to Assess the
Extent of Exc retion, Absolute Bioavailability, Fraction
Absorbed, and Pharmacokinetics of [14C]PF -06865571
Using a 14C-Microtracer Approach ]
Date(s) of this Report: 08 August 2022
–Thank You –
If you participated in this study, Pfizer, the Sponsor, would like to thank you for your 
participation. 
This summary will describe the study results. If you have any questions about the study 
or the results, please contact the doctor or staff at your stu dy site.Why was this study done?
What is Non -Alcoholic Steatohepatitis with Liver Fibrosis?
Non-Alcoholic Steatohepatitis (NASH) with liver fibrosis is a medical condition 
where there is a high amount of fat in the liver along with inflammation (swelling) and 
fibrosis (scarring) that causes a stiff liver.
What is ervogastat ?
Ervog astat ( PF-06865571 )is a new investigational drug that is taken by mouth that 
has not yet been approved for use by health authorities . Ervogastat blocks a specific 
enzyme (protein) called “ DGAT2 ”and prevents the body from making certain types 
of fats. Too much fat in the liver is the first step toward development of NASH and 
liver scarring .Ervogastat decreases thestorage of fat in the liver , which may help 
treat NASH with liver scarring. 
What was the purpose of this study?
The purpose of this study wasto find out how much ervogastat wasin the 
participants’ blood, urine, and feces after theytook a “radio -labeled” form of 
ervogastat .  A radiolabel is a radioactive particle attached to a drug that lets scientists 
measure the amount of study drug in thebody.   Researchers also wanted to see how 
ervogastat is broken down or changed by the body.  This was done by measuring the 
amount of drug “metabolites ”of ervogastat.  Metabolites are the chemicals formed as 
adrug is broken down by the body .  
When ervogastat was injected orswallowed ,ervogastat entered the body and moved 
through the body. Ervogastat entered the blood and organs (for example, stomach, 
liver, and kidneys) when it moved through the body. Afterwards , ervogastat was 
removed from the body through urine and feces.   Researchers wanted to know:
How much radiolabeled ervogastat was found in theurine and 
feces of participants during the study ?
How waservogastat metaboli zed (changed or broken down )
by the participants’ bodies ?
What happened during the study?
How was the study done?
Researchers tested 2 different regimens on a group of healthy male participants to 
learn how ervogastat was handled by the body :
At the beginning of the first period (Regimen A), p articipants took one 300 mg 
dose of radiolabeled ervogastat by mouth.
At the beginning of the second period (Regimen B), particip ants first took one 
300 mg dose of unlabeled ervogastat by mouth.  After 3 hours, t he participants 
then received one 100 microgram (µg) dose of radiolabeled ervogastat by
injection into a vein orintravenously (IV).
Researchers took samples of blood , urine , and feces from participants during the 
study and measured the amount of ervogastat and its metabolites .Researchers also 
checked the participants’ health during the study and asked them how they were 
feeling. A diagram of the study design is shown on the next page.This study was an “open -label” study. An open -label study means that the participants 
and researchers knew what wasbeing given to each participant during the study .
Where did this study take place?
The Sponsor ran this study at 1sitein the United States of America .
When did this study take place?
It began on 11 May 2021 and ended on06 August 2021 .
Who participated in this study?
The study included healthy male participants who met the inclusion/exclusion criteria 
for things such as age, body weight, and body mass index (BMI) .
A total of 6men participated
Nowomen participated
All participants were between the ages of 25and 61years
Of the 6participants who started the study, all 6finished the study. Noparticipants 
left before the study was over by their choice or a doctor decided it was best for a 
participant to stop being in the study.
How long did the study last?
Study participants were in the study for around 8 weeks .  The entire study took 
around 3 months to complete.
When the study ended in August 2021 , the Sponsor began reviewing the information 
collected.  The Sponsor then created a report of the results.  This is a summary of that 
report.What were the results of the study?
How did radiolabeled ervogastat act in the body?
How much radiolabeled ervogastat was found in the urine and 
feces of participants during the study?
In Period 1, an average of 7 9% of the radiolabeled drug taken by 
mouth was found in the participants’ urine and feces. Most of the drug 
was eliminated from the participants’ bodies in the first 4 days after 
taking the drug by mouth.
In Period 2, an average of 70% of the radiolabeled drug given by IV
was found in the participants’ urine and fe ces. This occurred in the 2 
days after being given the drug by IV .
How was ervogastat metabolized (changed or broken down) by the 
participants’ bodies?
The study found that there were 2most common metabolites of 
ervogastat (called “M2” and “M6”) .  “M2” accounted for 37% and 
“M6” accounted for 11% of the radioactiv ity in the participants’ blood 
plasma.
This does not mean that everyone in this study had these results.  This is a summary 
of just some of the main results of this study.  Other studies may hav e different 
results.
What medical problems did participants have during 
the study?
The researchers recorded any medical problems the participants had during the study.  
Participants could have had medical problems for reasons not related to the study (for 
example, caused by an underlying disease or by chance). Or, medical problems could
also have been caused by thestudy drug or by another medicine the participant was 
taking. Sometimes the cause of a medical problem is unknown. By comparing 
medical problems across many treatment groups in many studies, doctors try to 
understand what ef fects a study medication might have on a participant.
During Period 1, 4 out of the6(67%)participants in this study had at least 1 medical 
problem.   No medical problems occurred during Period 2.   Noparticipants left the 
study because of medical problems.  The medical problems reported by the
participants are described below.Instructions for Understanding Table 1. 
The 1st column of Table 1lists medical problems that were reported 
during the study.   All medical problems reported by theparticipants 
are listed.
The 2nd column tells how many of the participants taking the study 
medication reported each medical problem in Period 1 .  Next to this 
number is the percentage of the participants taking the s tudy 
medication who reported the medical problem. 
The 3rd column tells how many of the participants reported each 
medical problem in Period 2 . 
Using these instructions, you can see that 2out of the 6(33%) 
participants taking the study medication report ed diarrhea in Period 1.  
A total of 0out of the 6(0%) participants in Period 2 reported 
diarrhea .Did study participants have any serious medical 
problems?
A medical problem is considered “serious” when it is life-threatening, needs hospital 
care, or causes lasting problems.
Noparticipants had serious medical problems and n o participants died in thisstudy.
Table 1. Medical problems reported by study participants
Medical 
ProblemPeriod 1
300 mg ervogastat by mouth
(6Participants)Period 2
300 mg ervogastat by 
mouth + 100 µg IV
(6Participants)
Diarrhea 2 out of 6 participants (33%) 0 out of 6 participants (0%)
Red, itchy eyes 
due to an allergy1out of 6participants ( 17%) 0 out of 6 participants (0%)
Urine abnormality 1 out of 6 participants (17%) 0 out of 6 participants (0%)
Itchy throat 1 out of 6 participants (17%) 0 out of 6 participants (0%)
Postnasal drip 
causing persistent 
cough1 out of 6 participants (17%) 0 out of 6 participants (0%)
Skin irritation 1 out of 6 participants (17%) 0 out of 6 participants (0%)
Itchy skin 1 out of 6 participants (17%) 0 out of 6 participants (0%)
Flushed (red) skin 1 out of 6 participants (17%) 0 out of 6 participants (0%)Where can I learn more about this study?
If you have questions about the results of your study, please speak with the doctor or 
staff at your study site.
The full scientific report of this study is available online at:
www.clinicaltrials.gov Use the study identifier NCT 04866225
www.pfizer.com/research/
research_clinical_trials/trial_resultsUse the protocol number C2541007
Please remember that researchers look at the results of many studies to find out which 
medicines can work and are safe for patients .
Again, if you participated in this study, 
thank you for volunteering.
We do research to try to find the 
best ways to help patients , and you helped 
us to do that !