Clinical Study Results
This summary reports the results of only one study. Researchers must look at the 
results of many types of studies to understand if a study medication works, how it 
works, and if it is safe to prescribe to patient s. The results of this study might be 
different than the results of other studies that the rese archers review .
Sponsor:    Pfizer Inc. 
Medicine(s) Studied: PF-06936308
Protocol Number: C3621001
Dates of Study: 27 November 2018 to 27 September 2021
Title of this Study: Vaccine -Based Immunotherapy Regimen -2 (VBIR -2) 
Treatment in Patients with Advanced Lung andBreast 
Cancer
[A Phase 1 Study to Evaluate the Safety, 
Pharmacokinetics, and Pharmacodynamics of Escalating 
Doses and Treatment Intensification of a Vaccine -Based 
Immunotherapy Regimen -2 (VBIR -2) (PF -06936308) for 
Advanced Non -Small Cell Lung Cancer and Metastatic 
Triple -Negative Breast Cancer ]
Date(s) of this Report: 23May 2022 
–Thank You –
If you participated in this study, Pfizer, the Sponsor, would like to thank you for your 
participation. 
This summary will describe the study results.  If you have any questions about the 
study or the results, please contact the doctor or staff at your study site.Why was this study done?
What is advanced lung and breast cancer ?
The participants in this study had cancer that was either non-small cell lung cancer 
(NSCLC) or triple negative breast cancer (TNBC) .  These are special kinds of cancer 
that affect the lung or the breast.  Both cancer types were advanced and/or metastatic.  
This means the cancer had spread to other areas of the body from the lung or the 
breast.  This makes the cancer very difficult to treat and the person will usually pass 
away from the cancer.
What is Vaccine -Based Immunotherapy Regimen 2 ?
Vaccine -Based Immunotherapy Regimen -2 (VBIR -2) is a new type of treatment being 
tested in patients with cancer that consists of 4 different components .  Treatment s are
given by injection (either under the skin or into the muscle).  One of the main 
defense sof cancer cells is the ability to hide from and avoid being destroyed by the 
body’s immune system.  The aim of VBIR -2isto boost the participant’s immune 
system tohelp it destroy some of the cancer cells.  
VBIR -2 includes a cancer vaccine and a cancer vaccine booster (or booster) . The 
cancer vaccine works to try and train immune cells in the body to recognize proteins 
that are used by cancer cells.  Immune cells are cells that fight infections and cance r.  
Both t he cancer vaccine and the booster work in a similar way.   Once immune cells 
have been trained to recognize protei ns used by the cancer cell , it may be able to kill 
that cancer cell.
VBIR -2 also includes tremelimumab and sasanlimab.  These treatments are special 
typesof protein known as “immune checkpoint inhibitors ”.  These treatments may 
stop cancer cells from preventing or turning down the body’s own immune response .  
This could mean the body’s immune system is better able to see and therefore kill the 
cancer cell.  What was the purpose of this study?
This study looked at the safety and tolerability of VBIR -2 treatment in participants 
with advanced cancer.  The researchers did this by giving participants increasing doses 
of VBIR-2 and seeing if there were any dose limiting toxicities (DLTs) after treatment 
with VBIR -2 as well as looking at the general safety of this treatment .  DLTs are 
medical problems that can be seen at some doses of cancer treatment s; if DLTs are 
seen, this mean sthatthe dose of the drug needs to be reduced or stopped as it is 
making the patient very ill.  If a patient experiences a DLT , the cancer treatment is 
often delay ed until the patient’s body can recover .  
Researchers wanted to know:
Did participants given VBIR -2 treatment have DLTs ?
What medical problems did participants have during the 
study?
What happened during the study?
How was the study done?
Researchers tested VBIR -2 on a group of participants with advanced NSCLC or 
metastatic TNBC to learn about the tolerability and safety of this treatment .  This was 
done by looking first at the safety of the vaccine and booster compo nents of VBIR -2 
and then at what would happen when the third (tremelimumab) and fourth 
(sasanlimab) component of the VBIR -2 treatment were added .  This was Part 1 of the 
study.
The researchers also planned to look at the effect of VBIR -2 treatment followed by 
maintenance therapy in participants with NSCLC in Part 2 of the study .  The study 
was stopped before this could happen.Participants were split into groups and given injection sof the components of VBIR -2 
as shown in the following figure.The participants and researchers knew who took 
each type of study medication.  This is known as an “open -label” study. 
The cancer vaccine was given on Day 1 and then this was repeated 4 months later.  
The booster was given on Day 29 and then this treatment was repeated every 4 weeks
for up to 8 months .  Tremelimumab (if given) and sasanlimab (if given) were 
administered on Day 1 and then every 4weeks.  Treatment was to be continued for 
up to 8 months .  
Researchers took samples of blood from each participant during the study and
checked the participant ’shealth.  
Where did this study take place?
The Sponsor ran this study at 11 study locations in the United States (US) .
When did this study take place?
It began 27November 2018 and ended 27September 2021.
Who participated in this study?
The study included adult participants who had advanced NSCLC or metastatic TNBC 
that could not be treated using standard cancer treatment s, and had progressed.  This 
means the cancer had grown resistant and stopped responding to the treatment. 
A total of 12men participated
A total of 24women participated
All participants were between the ages of 39 and 82 years
Of the 36participants who started the study and were treated with VBIR -2, all 
36stopped treatment with VBIR -2.  Most participants stopped treatment because 
their cancer progressed, which means the cancer started to grow again .  Reasons for 
stopping VBIR -2 treatment were:
Cancer progressed (67%, or 24 out of 36 participants)
Overall health deteriorated or worsened (8%, or 3 out of 36 participants)
Passed away (8%, or 3 out of 36 participants), 
A medical problem meant that the participant or their doctor thought it was 
best for the participant to stop t reatment with VBIR -2(6%, or 2 out of
36participants)
Other reasons ( 6%, or 2 out of 36 participants)
Participant wanted to stop treatment (3%, or 1 out of 36 participants)
Sponsor stopped the study (3%, or 1 out of 36 participants)
How long did the study last?
Study participants were in the study for up to 14 months.  This included up to 
8months of treatment and 6 months of safety monitoring and health checks .  The entire study took 2years and 10months to complete.   The Sponsor stopped this study 
early due to a change in development strategy .
When the study ended in September 2021 , the Sponsor began reviewing the 
information collected.  The Sponsor then created a report of the results.  This is a 
summary of that report.
What were the results of the study?
Did participants given VBIR -2 treatment have dose limiting 
toxicities? 
None of the 36 participants given VBIR -2 treatment in this study had DLTs .
This is a summary of just some of the main results of this study.  Other studies may 
have different results.
What medical problems did participants have during 
the study?
The researchers recorded any medical problems the participants had during the study.  
Participants could have had medical problems for reasons not related to the study (for 
example, caused by an underlying disease or by chance). Or, medical problems could 
also have been caused by a study treatment or by another medicine the participant was 
taking. Sometimes the cause of a medical problem is unknown. By comparing 
medical problems across many tr eatment groups in many studies, doctors try to 
understand what effects a study medication might have on a participant.
All 36 (100%) participants in this study had at least 1 medical problem.   A total of 
8participants (22%, or 8 out of 36 participants) left the study because of medical 
problems.  The most common medical problems –those reported by more than 10% 
of participants –are described below.Below are instructions on how to read Table 1. 
Instructions for Understanding Table 1. 
The 1stcolumn of Table 1lists medical problems that were commonly 
reported during the study.  All medical problems reported by more 
than 10% of participants are listed.
The 2ndcolumn tells how many of the 36 participants taking the study 
medication reported ea ch medical problem.  Next to this number is the 
percentage of the 36 participants taking the study medication who 
reported the medical problem. 
Using these instructions, you can see that 14out of the 36participants 
taking the study medication reported pain at the injection site .
Table 1. Commonly reported medical problems by study participants
Medical Problem VBIR -2 Treatment (36 Participants)
Pain at the injection site 14 out of 36 participants (39%)
Shortness of breath or difficulty breathing 12 out of 36 participants (33%)
Nausea (feeling like about to vomit) 11 out of 36 participants (31%)
Feeling tired 9 out of 36 participants (25%)
Flu or cold -like illness 9 out of 36 participants (25%)
Constipation 8 out of 36 participants (22%)
Chills 7out of 36 participants (19%)Table 1. Commonly reported medical problems by study participants
Medical Problem VBIR -2 Treatment (36 Participants)
Fever 7 out of 36 participants (19%)
Fluid on the lungs 7 out of 36 participants (19%)
Loose stools (d iarrhea ) 6 out of 36 participants (17%)
Low red blood cell count 5 out of 36 participants (14%)
Being sick (vomiting) 5 out of 36 participants (14%)
Chest pain not related to the heart 5 out of 36 participants (14%)
Liver test levels increased (AST increased ) 5 out of 36 participants (14%)
Decreased appetite or not feeling hungry 5 out of 36 participants (14%)
Tumor progression 5 out of 36 participants (14%)
Headache 5 out of 36 participants (14%)
Anxiety 5 out of 36 participants (14%)
Depression 5 out of 36 participants (14%)
Stomach pain 4 out of 36 participants (11%)
Cancer progression 4 out of 36 participants (11%)
Joint pain 4 out of 36 participants (11%)Table 1. Commonly reported medical problems by study participants
Medical Problem VBIR -2 Treatment (36 Participants)
Muscle spasm 4 out of 36 participants (11%)
Muscle pain 4 out of 36 participants (11%)
Lungs not working properly 4 out of 36 participants (11%)
AST: aspartate aminotransferase.
Did study participants have any serious medical 
problems?
A medical problem is considered “serious” when it is life-threatening, needs hospital 
care, or causes lasting problems.
A total of 18 participants ( 50%, or 18out of 36participants) had serious medical 
problems.  The most common serious medical problems were tumor (cancer) 
progression or breathing probl ems such as l ungs unable to work properly or shortness 
of breath.   Researchers did not believe anyof the serious medical problems reported 
by participants were rela ted to VBIR -2 treatment.
There were also 16 participants (44%, or 16 out of 36 participants) who died because 
of medical problems.  Theparticipant death swere not thought related to VBIR -2 
treatment.Where can I learn more about this study?
If you have questions about the results of your study, please speak with the doctor or 
staff at your study site.
For more details on your study protocol, please visit:
www.clinicaltrials.gov Use the study identifier NCT 03674827
www.pfizer.com/research/
research_clinical_trials/trial_resultsUse the protocol number C3621001
Please remember that researchers look at the results of many studies to find out which 
medicines can work and are safe for patients .
Again, if you participated in this study, 
thank you for volunteering.
We do research to try to find the 
best ways to help patients , and you helped 
us to do that !