CLINICAL TRIAL RESULTS
This summary reports the results of only one study.  Researchers must look at the 
results of many types of studies to understand if a study medicine works, how it 
works, and if it is safe to prescribe to 
differ ent than the results of other studies that the researchers review.
Sponsor:    
Medicine (s) Studied:
Protocol Number:
Dates of Trial: 
Title of this Trial:
Date of this Report:
–Thank You 
Pfizer, t he Sponsor ,would like to thank you 
clinical trial and provide
participated. If you have any questions about the study or results please contact the 
doctor or staff at your 
CLINICAL TRIAL RESULTS
This summary reports the results of only one study.  Researchers must look at the 
results of many types of studies to understand if a study medicine works, how it 
is safe to prescribe to patients .  The results of this study might be 
the results of other studies that the researchers review.
Pfizer, Inc .
Ceftazidime -Avibactam
D4280C0001 5(C359100 4)
01August 2015 to 01June 2017
A Single Blind, Randomised, Multi -centre, Active Controlled, 
Trial to Evaluate Safety, Tolerability, Pharmacokinetics and 
Efficacy of Ceftazidime and Avibactam When Given in 
Combination With Metronidazole, Compared With 
Meropenem, in Children From 3 Months to Less Than 
18Years of Age With Complicated Intra -Abdominal 
Infections (cIAIs)
24January 2019
Thank You –
would like to thank you and your child for participating
you a summary of results representing everyone who 
If you have any questions about the study or results please contact the 
doctor or staff at your child’s study site.
1CLINICAL TRIAL RESULTS
This summary reports the results of only one study.  Researchers must look at the 
results of many types of studies to understand if a study medicine works, how it 
.  The results of this study might be 
the results of other studies that the researchers review.
centre, Active Controlled, 
Trial to Evaluate Safety, Tolerability, Pharmacokinetics and 
Efficacy of Ceftazidime and Avibactam When Given in 
Combination With Metronidazole, Compared With 
to Less Than 
Abdominal 
and your child for participating in this 
you a summary of results representing everyone who 
If you have any questions about the study or results please contact the 
090177e1904be3c1\Approved\Approved On: 15-Mar-2019 02:45 (GMT)
2WHY WAS THIS STUDY DONE?
An intraabdominal infection , or “ IAI”, is the name for a type of infection in the 
abdomen (stomach area).  Children with a nIAI may have symptoms such as stomach 
area pain orfever .  Some IAIsare serious ,and can require someone to be in the 
hospital to be treated with intravenous (IV) antibiotics and sometimes surgery .  This 
type of serious IAI is known as a “complicated IAI”.
Ceftazidime -avibactam (CAZ -AVI) is anantib iotic medicine which is used to treat a 
number of infections caused by certain types of bacteria .  CAZ -AVI is currently used 
to treat serious infections , such as complicated IAI, in adults . This study was 
designed to learn more about using CAZ -AVI to treat complicated IAI in children, 
when used together with another antibiotic medic inecalled metronidazole .  CAZ -AVI
has not been approved for use in children , as it is still being studied.   The ceftazidime 
half of CAZ -AVI has previously been approved for use in children.
Themain purpose of this study was to learn more about the useof CAZ -AVI in 
children with c omplicated IAI, when given together with metronid azole,compared to 
another antibiotic medic inecalled meropenem .The researchers wanted to answer 
this main question:
For children treated with CAZ -AVI, how well was it tolerated, and were there 
any new medical problems different from those can happen when using 
ceftazadime alone?
In addition, the researchers also wanted to see how many children in this study were 
cured or had an improvement in complicat ed IAI.
WHAT HAPPENED DURING THE STUDY?
This study compared 2 groups of children to learn more about the safety and 
effectiveness of CAZ -AVI when given together with metronidazole , compared to 
another antib iotic medicine called meropenem .  Meropenem is commonly used to 
treat complicated IAIin children.
090177e1904be3c1\Approved\Approved On: 15-Mar-2019 02:45 (GMT)
3This study was for children who were diagnosed with complicated IAI.The children 
in this study were at least 3month sold, but younger than 18years oldwhen the y 
started the study .  
First, the children were checked by the study doctor to make sure they were a good fit 
for the stu dy.  This was called “screening”.  
The children were grouped by age:
Group 1 (30children) : At least 12 years old, but younger than 18years old 
Group 2 (43children) : At least 6years old, but younger than 12years old
Group 3 (9children) : At least 2years old, but younger than 6years old
Group 4 ( 1child): At least 3 months old, but younger than 2 years old
The children were assigned to join 1 of 2 treatment groups.  Children in the first 
treatment group receive dCAZ -AVI plus another antibiotic called metronidazole.  
Children in the second treatment group received an antibiotic called meropenem.   
These medicines were given into a vein with a small tube , and the doses w ere based 
on each child’s weight.  The children were picked to receive either treatment by 
chance alone.  
Children receive deither CAZ -AVI plus metronidazole or meropenem for at least 
3days.  Depending on what the study doctor thought was best for each child, after 
3days of either CAZ -AVI plus metronidazole or meropenem given into a vein, some 
children may have switched to an antibiotic medicine you can take by mouth .  Some 
children could have receiv edeither CAZ -AVI plus metronidazole or meropenem for
up to 15 days.
This was a “ single -blind ” study, which means that the children , their study doctor, 
pharmacist, parents/caregivers , and most of the researchers knew which medicine
they received . However, onestudy doctor who examined the children did not know 
which medicine they were given.
Safety was carefully monitored throughout the study.  The study doctors examined 
each child , did blood or urine tests, and watched for any medical problems.   The study 
doctors also followed up with the children for 27 to 50 days after they started study 
treatment.
090177e1904be3c1\Approved\Approved On: 15-Mar-2019 02:45 (GMT)
4While children were only in the study for up to 50days (treatment plus follow -up), the 
entire study took almost 2years to complete.  Children joine d the study at 1 of
29locations in 10countries ( Czech Republic, Greece, Hungary, Poland, Romania, 
Russian Federation, Spain, Taiwan, Turkey, and United States). The first child joined 
the study on 01August 2015,and the last child finished the study on 01June  2017.  
A total of 30girls and 53boys joined the study.  
Children could receive study treatment for a total of 7 to 1 5days,and come to a visit 
8to 15 days after the last day they got the study treatment.  The children could come 
to a follow -up visit 27 to 50 days after the first day they got the study treatment .In 
total, 83children started the study and81children (98%) completed it , including 
coming back for the last visit .  There were 2 children (2%) who did not finish the 
study b ecause of parent/guardian choice ,or because a doctor decided it was best for 
the child not to continue in the study .  
The figure below shows what happened during this study.
When the study ended in June 2017, the Sponsor reviewed the information collected.  
The Sponsor then created a report of the results. This is a summary of that report.
090177e1904be3c1\Approved\Approved On: 15-Mar-2019 02:45 (GMT)
5WHAT WERE THE RESULTS OF THE STUDY?
How  many children in this study were cured or ha d an 
improvement in complicated IAI? 
To answer this question, the researchers looked at how many children with a certain 
type of bacteria had improved or resolved symptoms of infection.   8 to 15 days after 
they last got study treatment, 45 out of 50children (90%) in the CAZ -AVI plus 
metronidazole group were cured or had an improvement in complicated IAI.  18out 
of 19 children (95%) in the meropenem group were cured or had an improvement in 
complicated IAI.
It is important to know that there were not enough children enrolled in the study to 
make any conclusions about the effectiveness of CAZ -AVIcompared to meropenem .  
This does not mean that everyone in this study had these results.  Other studies may 
produ ce different results, as well.  These are just some of the main findings of the 
study, and more information may be available at the websites listed at the end of this 
summary.  
WHAT MEDICAL PROBLEMS DID CHILDREN 
HAVE DURING THE STUDY?
The researchers reco rded any medical problems the children hadduring the study. 
Children could have had medical problems for reasons not related to the study (for 
example, caused by an underlying disease or by chance). Or, medical problems could 
have been caused by a study treatment, or by another medicine the child was taking. 
Sometimes the cause of a medical problem is unknown. By comparing medical 
problems across many treatment groups in many studies, doctors try to understand 
what the side effects of an experimental d rug might be.
In this study , 45children (54%)who received study medication had at least 1 medical 
problem , including 3 2out of 6 1children (5 3%) in the CAZ -AVI plus metronidazole 
group and 1 3out of 2 2children (5 9%) in the meropenem group.
090177e1904be3c1\Approved\Approved On: 15-Mar-2019 02:45 (GMT)
6The most common medical problems reported in children in this study are listed 
below .
Most Common Medical Problems    
(Reported in 2 or More Children Taking the Same Medicine )                             
Medical ProblemCAZ -AVI + 
metronidazole
(61children treated)Meropenem
(22children treated)
Stomach ache 0(0%) 2(9%)
Vomiting 9(15%) 2(9%)
Redness and swelling at 
place where the medicine 
goes into the vein4 (7%) 0(0%)
Fever 2(3%) 0 (0%)
Cold 2(3%) 0(0%)
Fluid in the skin around a
wound3(5%) 0 (0%)
Low level of potassium in 
the blood2 (3%) 0(0%)
Cough 1(2%) 2 (9%)
WERE THERE ANY SERIOUS MEDICAL 
PROBLEMS?
A medical problem is considered “serious” when it is life -threatening, needs hospital 
care, or causes lasting problems.  
In this study, 6children (7%)of the 83 who had study treatment had a serious medical 
problem . This included 5children ( 8%) in the CA Z-AVI plus metronidazole group 
090177e1904be3c1\Approved\Approved On: 15-Mar-2019 02:45 (GMT)
7and 1child ( 5%) in the meropenem group.   None of these serious medical problems 
were considered to be related to study treatment.   No children died during the study. 
Overall, the medical problems reported in this study are similar to the medical 
problems reported in past studies with adults. No new issues related to the safety of 
CAZ -AVI were found.
WHERE CAN I LEARN MORE ABOUT THIS STUDY?
If you have questions about the results of your child’s study, please speak with the 
doctor or staff at your child’s study site.
The full scientific report of this study is available online at:
www.clinicaltrials.gov Use the study identifier NCT02475733
www.clinicaltrialsregister.eu Use the study identifier 2014-003242 -28
Please remember that researchers look at the results of many studies to find out which 
medicines can work and are safe for patients .  Additional studies with CAZ -AVI in 
children are planned.
Again, thank  you for volunteering.
We do research to try to find the 
best ways to help patients, and you 
helped us to do that !
090177e1904be3c1\Approved\Approved On: 15-Mar-2019 02:45 (GMT)
