 
 1 CLINICAL TRIAL RESULTS  
 
This summary reports the results of only one study.  Researchers must look at the 
results of many types of studies to understand if a study medicine works, how it 
works, and if it is safe to prescribe to patients.  The results of this study might be 
differ ent than the results of other studies that the researchers review.  
Sponsor:     Pfizer, Inc.  
Medicine (s) Studied:   Revatio® (sildenafil)  
Protocol Number:   A1481316  
Dates of Trial:  05 August  2013  to 31 December 2019   
Title of this Trial:  A Randomized Trial of Sildenafil in Babies with Breathing 
Problems [A Multi- Centre, Randomized, Placebo -Controlled, 
Double -Blind, Two -Armed, Parallel Group Study To 
Evaluate Efficacy And Safety Of IV Sildenafil In The Treatment Of Neonates With Persistent Pulmonary 
Hypertension Of The Newborn (PPHN) Or Hypoxic Respiratory Failure And At Risk For PPHN, With A Long 
Term Follow -Up Investigation Of Developmental Progress 
12 And 24 Months After Completion Of Study Treatment ]  
Date of this Report:  20 December  2019   
– Thank You – 
Pfizer, t he Sponsor , would like to thank you for your participation in this clinical trial 
and provide  you a summary of results representing everyone who participated.  If you 
have any questions about the study or results , please contact the doctor or staff at 
your study site.  
  
 
 2 WHY WAS THIS STUDY DONE?  
“Persistent pulmonary hypertension of the newborn” (PPHN ) is a serious condition 
that can affect the  breathing  of newborn infants and prevent them from getting  
enough “oxygen” .  Oxygen is a gas that i s present in the air and all human and animals 
need this gas to live and grow .  The ma in symptoms  of PPHN  includes fast breathing  
and increased heart rate  as well as a blue tint to the skin , flaring of the nostrils in the 
nose, and  sometimes the baby can make a grunting noise .  PPHN is seen in about 2 
births in every 1000 births, and a round 1 in 10  babies who have breathing problems  
will have PPHN .   
The normal treatment for PPHN is to give babies nitric oxide  gas to  breathe.  This 
inhaled nitric oxide o nly helps 2 out of every 3 babies to get enough oxygen .  If the 
inhaled nitric oxide doesn’t help the baby , the next step for doctors is to try 
“extracorporeal membrane oxygenation” or ECMO.  ECMO is a way of getting  
oxygen into the baby’s blood  with a machine  and can help if the “lungs” and/or heart 
aren’t working properly .  The lungs are air sacs that fill with oxygen -containing air and 
the lungs are used to get oxygen into the blood.   
Sometimes babies with PPHN wi ll pass away even if they receive treatment with 
inhaled nitric oxide and /or ECMO.  Other babies will survive , but they may have 
developmental problems that make it hard for them to grow, learn things , and hear 
sounds.  New  treatment options are needed to help the  heart and lungs get enough 
oxygen into the baby’s blood .  
Revatio® (sildenafil citrate) is  a medicine that can help blood vessels in the lungs relax .  
By doing this, the amount of blood that can flow to and from the lungs in these blood 
vessels is increased , which  may help get oxygen  to where it is needed .  The researchers 
did this study to see if sildenafil given by “infusion” along with inhaled nitric oxide 
was able to help improve breathing in babies with PPHN or babies with hypoxic 
respiratory failure (HRF) who are  likely to get PPHN.   In an infusion, the medicine is 
slowly dripped from a bag into a tube that is connected to a needle, which has been 
“injected” or pushed through a patient’s skin into a vein.  The vein the n carries the 
medicine in the blood around the body.      
 3 WHAT HAPPENED DURING THE STUDY?  
This study compared 2  groups of patients to find out if patients with PPHN or at risk 
of getting PPHN who received an infusion  of sildenafil compared with patients giv en 
“placebo ” had: 
• A lower “treatment failure rate”, and  
• Inhaled nitric oxide therapy for a shorter amount of time .   
A placebo does not have any medicine in it, but looks just like the medicine.  
Treatment failure was said to have occurred if the patient needed additional treatment 
for their PPHN or if they needed ECMO , or if the patient passed away.   
The study included patients who were 4 days old or younger and who had PPHN or HRF and who were a t risk of getting PPHN .  The PPHN could be o f no known 
cause or could be due to “meconium aspiration syndrome ” (breathing in fecal matter 
produced by the baby while in the womb) , “sepsis” (blood poisoning caused by 
bacteria) or “pneumonia ” (infection in the lungs caused by bacteria or a virus) .   
The patients and researchers did not know who was given sildenafil  and who was 
given placebo.  This is known as a “blinded” stu dy.  Volunteers were assigned to each 
group  by chance alone.  This is done to make the groups more similar, which makes 
comparing the groups more fair.   
 
 
 4 While patients  were only in the main study for up to 6  weeks, th is part of th e study 
took over 5  and a half years to complete.  Follow -up is continuing for  an additional 1 
and 2 years and this phase of the study is ongoing . The sponsor ran this study at 
25 locations in 11 countries in Europe and North America .  It began on 
05 August  2013  and ended on 31  December  2019.  A total of 33  boys and 26 girls 
participated.  All pat ients were 4  days old or younger.   
Patients were to be treated for up to 14  days.  Of the  59 patients who started the 
study, 46 finished the treatment phase.   A total of 13  patients did not complete the 
treatment phase and this  was their parent’s choice , because a doctor decided it was 
best for a patient to stop the study , or the patient passed away.   Some of the patients 
who left the study still took part in the follow -up. 
As of 31 January 2019 (the data cutoff date for the main report) , the S ponsor began 
reviewing the infor mation collected.  The S ponsor then cr eated a main report of the 
results.  This is a summary of that report.   
WHAT WERE THE RESULTS OF THE STUDY?  
What was the treatment failure rate in patients given 
sildenafil compared with those given  placebo ?  
Treatment failure was said to happen if a patient needed additional treatment for their 
PPHN, if ECMO was needed, or if the patient passed away.  The researchers look ed 
at the number of patients who needed additional treatment , ECMO,  or who passed 
away in the group given sildenafil and compared this with the group given placebo.  
This gave the researchers the t reatment failure  rate for sildenafil and placebo.   
Treatment  failure by Day 14 was seen in 8 patients in the sildenafil group (28%, or 8 
out of 29  patients) and in 6 patients in the placebo group (20%, or 6 out of 
30 patients).  The researchers did not think there was any real difference in the 
treatment failure rate between the 2 groups (see figure).    
 5  
The reasons for treatmen t failure were similar between groups and these are shown in 
the following table.   
Number of Patients W ith Each Type of  
Treatment Failure  by Day 14  
Type of Treatment Failure  Sildenafil 
(29 Patients 
treated)  Placebo  
(30 Patients 
treated)  
Additional PPHN  treatment  4 (14 %) 3 (10%) 
Need for ECMO treatment  3 (10%) 3 (10%) 
Patient died  1 (3%) 0 
 
Based on these results, the researchers thought  that sildenafil wa s no different to 
placebo when given with inhaled nitric oxide treatment in patients with PPHN or 
HRF and at risk of PPHN.  Any differences between the groups were most  likely a 
result of chance.   
 
 6 How long did patients need inhaled nitric oxide treatment 
after being given sildenafil or placebo ?  
A total of 21 patients in the sildenafil group (72%, or 21 out of 29 patients) and 
24 patients in the placebo group (80%, or 24 out of 30 patients) did not experience 
treatment failure.   
The researchers then counted the number of days of treatment with inhaled nitric 
oxide that patients were given  before and after the sildenafil or placebo  infusion .  The 
researchers took the result (in the number of days) and put the values in order from 
the smallest to the l argest.  They then looked at the middle number, or “median”, to 
help the m answer this question .   
Inhaled nitric oxide treatment was given for a median of 1 day to all patients in both 
treatments groups before the infusion of sildenafil or placebo was star ted.  After the 
sildenafil or placebo infusion was given, inhaled nitric oxide treatment was continued 
for a median of 3  days in both groups (see figure).   
 
These results show there was no difference between groups in the number of days of  
inhaled nitric oxide treatment given to  patients without treatment failure.   
 
 
 7 This does not mean that everyone in this study had these results.  Other studies may 
produce  different results , as well .  These are just some of the main findings of the 
study, and more inform ation may be available at the websites listed at the end of this 
summary.   
WHAT MEDICAL PROBLEMS DID PATIENTS  
HAVE DURING THE STUDY?  
The researchers recorded any medical problems the pa rticipant s had during the study.  
Participant s could have had medical problems for reasons not related to the study (for 
example, caused by an underlying disease or by chance).  Or, medical problems could 
also have been caused by a study treatment, or by another medicine  the participan t 
was taking.  Sometimes the cause of a medical problem is unknown.  By comparing 
medical problems across many treatment groups in many studies, doctors try to 
understand what the side effects of an experimental drug might be.  
A total of 41 out of the 59 patients in this  study had at least 1 medical problem  and 
8 patients  did not finish the study treatment because of medical problems.  This 
included 14%, or 4 out of 29 patients in the sildenafil group and 13%, or 4 out of 30 
patients in the placebo group.  The most common  medical problems are listed  in the 
following table .   
 8 Most Common Medical Problems  
(Reported by M ore Than 2 of Patients  in Any Group ) 
Medical Problem  Sildenafil  
(29 Patients 
Treated)  Placebo  
(30 Patients 
Treated)  
Low blood pressure  8 (28%) 3 (10%) 
Low levels of potassium in the blood  7 (24%) 0 
Low numbers of red blood cells in the blood  4 (14%) 3 (10%) 
Drug withdrawal  4 (14%) 0 
Collapsed lung  2 (7%)  4 (13%)  
Low heart rate  3 (10%)  1 (3%)  
Swelling  1 (3%)  3 (10%)  
High levels of the protein bilirubin in the 
blood , which  can mean red blood cells are 
being broken down  1 (3%)  3 (10%)  
Increased levels of C -reactive protein , which  
can mean inflammation is present  0 3 (10%)  
 
WERE THERE ANY SERIOUS MEDICAL 
PROBLEMS?  
A medical problem is considered “serious” when it is life- threatening, needs hospital 
care, or causes lasting problems.   
During this study, 9 patients had serious medical problems; 7 patients in the sildenafil 
group (24%, or 7 out of 29 patients) and 2 pa tients in the placebo group (7%, or 2 out 
of 30 patients).  Only 1 of these serious medical problems was thought by the doctor s 
to be related to treatment.  This was a report of low blood pressure and this was seen 
in a patient given sildenafil.  Treatment  with sildenafil was stopped because of this 
serious medical problem.    
 9 There were 3  patients who passed away during this study (2 patients in the sildenafil 
group and 1 patient in the placebo group).  The doctors  did not think any of these 
deaths were due to the study treatment.   
WHERE CAN I LEARN MORE ABOUT THIS STUDY?  
If you have questions about the results of your study, please speak with the doctor or 
staff at your study site.  
The full scientific report of this study is available online at:  
www.clinicaltrials.gov  Use the study identifier NCT01720524* 
www.clinicaltrialsregister.eu  Use the study identifier 2012- 002619- 24 
www.pfizer.com/research/research_
clinical_trials/trial_results  Use the protocol number A1481316  
* Results e xpected to be available soon  
Please remember that researchers lo ok at the results of many studies to fi nd out which 
medicines can work and are safe for patients.  
 
Again, thank you  for volunteering.  
We do research to try to find the  
best ways to help patients, and you 
helped us to do that ! 