CLINICAL TRIAL RESULTS
This summary reports the results of only one study.  Researchers must look 
at the results of many types of studies to understand if a study medicine works, how it 
works, and if it is safe to prescribe to patients.  The results of this study might be 
different from the results of other studies that the researchers review.
Sponsor:    
Medicine (s) Studied:
Protocol Number:
Dates of Trial: 
Title of this Trial:
Date of this Report:
–Thank You 
Pfizer, the Sponsor, would like to thank you for your participation in this clinical trial 
and provide you a summary of 
have any questions about the study or results
CLINICAL TRIAL RESULTS
reports the results of only one study.  Researchers must look 
at the results of many types of studies to understand if a study medicine works, how it 
works, and if it is safe to prescribe to patients.  The results of this study might be 
results of other studies that the researchers review.
Pfizer, Inc. 
Bococizumab 
B14810 45 
28 October 2014 to 15 July 2016
A Randomized Clinical Trial of Bococizumab (
RN316) in Patients at High Risk for Heart Disease 
(SPIRE -LL Study)
[A 52-Week Phase 3 Double -Blind, Randomized, 
Placebo -Controlled, Parallel -Group Study to Assess the 
Efficacy, Safety and Tolerability of PF -04950615 i
With Primary Hyperlipidemia or Mixed Dyslipidemia at Risk 
of Cardiovascular Events ]
01August 2018
Thank You –
would like to thank you for your participation in this clinical trial 
you a summary of results representing everyone who participated
have any questions about the study or results ,please contact the doctor or staff at 
your study site. 
1CLINICAL TRIAL RESULTS
reports the results of only one study.  Researchers must look 
at the results of many types of studies to understand if a study medicine works, how it 
works, and if it is safe to prescribe to patients.  The results of this study might be 
results of other studies that the researchers review.
Bococizumab ( PF-04950615 ; 
RN316) in Patients at High Risk for Heart Disease 
Blind, Randomized, 
Group Study to Assess the 
04950615 i n Subjec ts 
ith Primary Hyperlipidemia or Mixed Dyslipidemia at Risk 
would like to thank you for your participation in this clinical trial 
participated .If you 
please contact the doctor or staff at 
090177e18f10f97d\Approved\Approved On: 03-Aug-2018 03:13 (GMT)
2WHY WAS THIS STUDY DONE?
Heart disease is a leading cause of death in both men and women.  One of the biggest 
risks for getting heart disease is having high “bad”cholesterol (called LDL, or 
low-density lipoprotein cholesterol).  H aving h igh LDL cholesterol can lead to heart 
disease .  
Doctors prescribe medicines called ‘statins’ to patients with high LDL cholesterol to 
lower the LDL cholesterol in the blood.  For s ome people , statins may not lower LDL 
cholesterol enough .  
Researchers did this study to look for a new way to treat patients who are taking a 
statin and who still have LDL cholesterol that is higher than what their doctors 
consider ideal.  Bococizumab was the medicine tested in this study.  It is not a statin.  
Bococizumab is a medicine that is given as an injection under the skin (subcutaneous) 
thatmay help to further lower LDL chole sterol.  For this study, researchers wanted to 
answer the question: Does bococizumab help to lower LDL cholesterol in patients 
who t akestatins but are still at high risk for heart problems ?
After theprimary study hadstarted , the Fo od and Drug Administra tion (FDA) asked 
Pfizer to do a follow -up study (a substudy) .  For this substudy, Pfizer follow ed
patients for up to 1year after the first part of the study ended to monitor for medical 
problems and to seehow long it took forcertain antibodies to disapp ear or lower in 
amount after patients stopped taking bococizumab .  Antibodies are proteins that fight 
foreign “invaders”.  In some cases, antibodies can fight against medicines, which 
make them not work.
090177e18f10f97d\Approved\Approved On: 03-Aug-2018 03:13 (GMT)
3WHAT HAPPENED DURING THE STUDY?
Researchers wanted to know if patients taking a statin who took bococizumab had 
lower LDL cholesterol than patients who took a placebo .  A placebo does not have 
any medicine in it, but looks just likethe medicine being tested .
Thisstudy included adult men and women who:
Had high cholesterol that require dmedicine to treat
Were already taking a statin treatment for at least 6 weeks, and did not plan 
to change or stop taking their statin
Had a high or very high risk of heart disease because of other health 
problems, like smoking, diabetes, or damage to their blood vessels
Patients were assigned either bococizumab or placebo treatment by chance alone.  
This is known as a “randomized” study.  This is done to make the groups more 
similar for things like age and the number of men and women. Reducing differences 
between the groups makes the groups more even to compare.  
The patients ,study doctors ,and Sponsor did not know who took what medicine 
during the study.  This is known as a “double -blinded” study .  Researche rs use 
“double -blinded” studies to make sure that the results are not influenced in any way.
Descriptions of Medicines Given in Each Group
Group Medicines Given Why the Group Was Used in this Study
1 Bococizumab 150 mg To see if bococizumab lowered LDL cholesterol
2 Bococizumab placeboTo compare bococizumab with taking noother 
medicine besides their statin
For 4 weeks, patients were checked (screened) to make sure they met all the needs to 
be in the study.  Next, patients were put into 1 of the 2treatment groups and were 
treated for 1 year.  Twice as many patient swere assigned bococizumab as placebo (a 
090177e18f10f97d\Approved\Approved On: 03-Aug-2018 03:13 (GMT)
42:1 ratio).  At the end of 1 year, patients were followed by researchers for 6 weeks 
(follow -up phase) to see how they did after taking the study medicines .
While each patient was only in the study for about 14 months, t he whole study took 
almost 2 years to finish.  Of the 746patients who started the study, 643finished the 
whole study .  103 patients left before the study was over by their choice or a doctor 
decided it was best for a patient to stop the study.   2 patients died in the bococizumab 
group, and 2 patients died in the placebo group.  Study doctors and the Spons or 
determined that s tudy medicines did not cause their deaths.  
The study took place at 17 0locations in 12 countries in North America and Western 
Europe, Easter nEurope, and Asia.  It began on 28 October 2014 and ended 
15July2016.  746 patients started this study.  416 patients were men and 330 patients 
were women.  All patients were between the ages of 26 and 86.
As soon as the study ended in July 2016 , the Sponsor began looking at the study 
results .  The Sponsor then cr eated a report of the results. This is a summary of that 
report.
090177e18f10f97d\Approved\Approved On: 03-Aug-2018 03:13 (GMT)
WHAT WERE THE RESULTS OF THE STUDY?
ORIGINAL STUDY RESULTS
Didbococizumab help to lower LDL
who are still at high risk for heart disease while taking 
statins?
Yes, bococizumab lowered LDL 
than the placebo did for the patients in this study.
The main goal (or primary objective) was to see if 
bococizumab was working after 12
treatment.  Researchers compared the changes in 
patient’s LDL cholesterol from the start of 
study to after 12 weeks of taking the study 
medicines.
In this study, on average, p atients 
bococizumab for 12 weeks had their LDL 
cholesterol drop by about 50% from their starting 
value.  The patients who took placebo had their 
LDL cholesterol lowered less than 1% from their 
starting value.
Patients continued their treatment for 1
doctors continued to monitor them for 6 weeks 
after finishing treatment .  Based on 
studying of all trial details and 
determined that the seresults are not likely 
worked better than a placebo to lower LDL cholesterol
This does not mean that everyone in this study had these results
could be better or worse than t
results.  These are just some of the main findings of the study
be available at the websites listed at the end of this summary.
WHAT WERE THE RESULTS OF THE STUDY?
ORIGINAL STUDY RESULTS
bococizumab help to lower LDL cholesterol in patients 
who are still at high risk for heart disease while taking 
Yes, bococizumab lowered LDL cholesterol more 
than the placebo did for the patients in this study.
The main goal (or primary objective) was to see if 
bococizumab was working after 12 weeks of 
treatment.  Researchers compared the changes in 
patient’s LDL cholesterol from the start of the 
weeks of taking the study 
atients who took
for 12 weeks had their LDL 
cholesterol drop by about 50% from their starting 
value.  The patients who took placebo had their 
lowered less than 1% from their 
Patients continued their treatment for 1 year, and 
to monitor them for 6 weeks 
Based on the careful 
details and results , researchers 
results are not likely due to chance , and that bococizumab 
worked better than a placebo to lower LDL cholesterol .
This does not mean that everyone in this study had these results .  Each patient’s 
could be better or worse than t he overall group.  Other studies may find different 
results.  These are just some of the main findings of the study .  More information may 
be available at the websites listed at the end of this summary.
5
WHAT WERE THE RESULTS OF THE STUDY?
cholesterol in patients 
who are still at high risk for heart disease while taking 
, and that bococizumab 
ach patient’s result 
he overall group.  Other studies may find different 
ore information may 
090177e18f10f97d\Approved\Approved On: 03-Aug-2018 03:13 (GMT)
6SUBSTUDY RESULTS
How  long did it take for antibodies against bococizumab 
present at the end of the original study to disappear or lower
in amount after patients stopped taking bococizumab during 
the substudy?
Anti-drug antibodies (ADAs) can sometimes be made by a patient’s body when taking 
a biologic medicin e, like bococizumab .  ADAs can be neutralizing ADAs (or n Ab)
and non -neutralizing ADAs.  When nAbs are formed, they can make the medicine 
become less effective . In the main study, patients with ADAs in general, had the 
same types of medical problems as patients without ADAs.  However, some patients 
with ADAs did have more reactions at the site of injection .  In addition, about twice 
as many patients with nAbs had injection site reactions than patients without nAbs.
In this study, 2 5% of the patients who participated (33 out of 133) had detectable 
ADAs at the last study visit of the original study.  Of note, 2 of these patients had 
detectable ADAs at the start of the original study (before taking any study medicine at 
all).  Pfizer wanted to see if the ADA level either went down to a certain baseline 
level, or was not detectable in these patients after they stopped taking bococizumab .  
They also wanted to see how long it took to get to this level after patients stopped 
taking bococizumab .  The substudy went for up to 1 year after the last visit in the 
original study.
By the end of the substudy, 42% of patients (or 14 of 33) had ADA levels that 
returned to a baseline value or w ereundetectable.  It took on average 170days for 
these patients’ ADA levels t o go to baseline or to be undetectable.  55% of patients 
(or 18of 33) still had a positive ADA level at the end of the substudy.   1patient never 
had a test to check for ADA levels during the substudy.
See the next page for a summary of the substudy results.
090177e18f10f97d\Approved\Approved On: 03-Aug-2018 03:13 (GMT)
7
090177e18f10f97d\Approved\Approved On: 03-Aug-2018 03:13 (GMT)8WHAT MEDICAL PROBLEMS DID PATIENTS
HAVE DURING THE STUDY ?
The researchers recorded any medical problems the patients had during the study. 
Patient s could have had medical problems for reasons not related to the study (for 
example, caused by an underlying disease or by chance). Or, medical problems could 
have been caused by a study treatment, or by another drug the patient was taking. 
Sometimes the cause of a medical problem is unknown. By comparing medical 
problems across many treatment groups in many studies, doctors try to understand 
what the side effects of an experimental drug might be.
A total of 21 patients left the study due to medical pro blems ( 16in the bococizumab 
group and 5 in the placebo group).  More than half of all patients in this study had at 
least 1 non-serious medical problem (62% in the bococizumab group and 56% in the
placebo group ).  A non -serious medical problem means a medical problem that is not 
life-threatening, does not cause lasting problems, or needs hospital care. The most 
common are listed below.  
Most Common Non -Serious Medical Problems
(Reported by More Than 5% of Patients in Any Group )
Medical ProblemBococizumab
(499Patients Treated)Placebo
(247Patients Treated)
Injection site reaction 67(13%) 2(Less than 1 %)
Common cold 17(3%) 14(6%)
Nose and throat infection 18(4%) 14(6%)
13% of patients in the bococizumab group (67 out of 499) had a non -serious injection 
site reaction (pain, stinging, redness, or swelling where the shot was given). Less than 
1% in the placebo group (2 out of 247) had a non -serious injection site reaction .  
090177e18f10f97d\Approved\Approved On: 03-Aug-2018 03:13 (GMT)
9WERE THERE ANY SERIOUS MEDICAL 
PROBLEMS ?
Serious medical problems during the original study
A medical problem is considered “serious” when it is life -threatening, causes lasting 
problems, or needs hospital care.
44patients in the bococizumab group (9%, or 44out of 499patients ) and 32 patients 
in the placebo group (13%, or 32out of 247patients) had serious medical problems .  
The most common serious medical problems were related to heart disease:
Bococizumab group = 2% (12 out of 499 patients)
Placebo group = 4% (11 out of 247 patients)
2% or less of patients had o ther serious medical problems .  Most of the serious 
medical problems were only reported by 1 patient.  These included serious infections, 
some cancers, brain or spine problems, proble mswith their kidneys, liver or digestive 
organs , low blood sugar, muscle or joint pain, eye or ear issues, blood or vessel 
problems, breathing trouble, and chest pain not caused by the heart.
A total of 4 patients out of 746 died during the study, 2 were in the placebo group and 
2 were in the bococizumab group.  The study doctors and Sponsor determined that 
none of the deaths were caused by study treatments.  
What else is important to know?
Your body make sproteins (called antibodies) to fight foreign “invaders ”,like a virus 
that can cause aninfection.  Sometimes, the body makes antibodies that attack 
anything not made by your own body , including some medicines.  
Researchers tested the blood of patients taking bococizumab in 3 different studies, 
including this one.  More than half of all patients tested (5 5%, or 269 out of 
491patients) were making antibodies against bococizumab .  There is the possibility 
090177e18f10f97d\Approved\Approved On: 03-Aug-2018 03:13 (GMT)
10that if you have these antibodies, bococizumab or similar drugs will not work for you 
in the futur e. 
Serious medical problems during the substudy
3patients in the substudy (2%, or 3 of 133 patients) had a total of 5 serious medical 
problems.  None were considered by researchers to be caused by taking the study 
medicines during the original study.
WHERE CAN I LEARN MORE ABOUT THIS STUDY?
If you have questions about the results of your study, please speak with the doctor or 
staff at your study site.
The full scientific report of this study is available online at:
www.clinicaltrials.gov Use the study identifier NCT02100514
www.clinicaltrialsregister.eu Use the study identifier 2014-000478 -20
Please remember that researche rs look at the results of many studies to find out which 
medicines work best and are safest for patients. No further clinical trials with 
bococizumab are planned at thistime.
Again, thank  you for volunteering.
We do research to try to find the 
best ways to help patients, and you 
helped us to do that !
090177e18f10f97d\Approved\Approved On: 03-Aug-2018 03:13 (GMT)
