Clinical Study Results
This summary reports the results of only one study.  Researchers must look at the 
results of many types of studies to understand if a study medication works, how it 
works, and if it is safe to prescribe to patients.  The results of this study might be 
different than the results of other studies that the researchers review.
Sponsor:    Pfizer Inc. 
Medicine(s) Studied: Talzenna ( PF-06944076)
Protocol Number: C3441006 (MDV3800 -06)
Dates of Study: 04 July 2017 to 02 September 2022
Title of this Study: A Study of Talazoparib in Men With Metastatic 
Castration -Resistant Prostate Cancer and DNA Repair 
Defects
[TALAPRO -1: A Phase 2, Open -Label, Response Rate 
Study of Talazoparib in Men With D NARepair 
Defects and Metastatic Castration -Resistant Prostate 
Cancer Who Previously Received Taxane -Based 
Chemotherapy and Progressed on at Least 1 Novel 
Hormonal Agent (Enzalutamide and/or Abiraterone 
Acetate/Prednisone) ]
Date(s) of this Report: 05 Septem ber2022
–Thank You –
If you participated in this study, Pfizer, the Sponsor, would like to thank you for your 
participation. This summary will describe the study results.  If you have any questions about the study 
or the results, please contact the doctor or staff at your study site.Why was this study done?
What is metastatic castration -resistant prostate cancer ?
Prostate cancer is the name for cancer that starts in the prostate, which is a small, 
walnut -sized gland that lies at the base of the bla dder in men and is part of the male 
reproductive system .  Prostate cancer is a common cancer in men, and it is often a 
slow-growing cancer with few symptoms.
“Metastatic” means that the cancer has spread to a part of the body beyond the 
prostate.  In earlier stages of the d isease, male hormones, or “androgens”, are usually 
stimulating prostate cancer cells to grow. “Castration -resistant” means that the 
prostate cancer continued to worsen despite receiving treatment that reduces 
androgen production fro m the testis.
What is talazoparib ?
Talazoparib (Talzenna®) is known as a PARP inhibitor.  PARP inhibitors are drugs 
that stop the normal activity of certain proteins called “Poly (ADP -ribose) 
polymerases”, also called “PARPs”.  PARPs are proteins that are found in all normal 
and cancer cells, and that are involved in the repair of DNA.  PARPs are needed to 
repair mistakes that ca n happen in DNA when cells divide.  If the mistakes are not 
repaired, the cell will usually die and be replaced.  Cells with mistakes in their DNA 
that do not die can become cancer cells.  This is known as a “DNA -repair defect”.   
PARP inhibitors selective ly kill specific cancer cells through a mechanism called 
“synthetic lethality ”, in which loss of function in 2 genes together causes cell death, 
but a loss of function in either gene alone would not.  Clinical trials have shown that 
the use of talazoparib, as well as other PARP inhibitors, may reduce tumor size and 
slow tumor growth in some men with prostate cancer.  Talazoparib is given in a 
capsule and is taken by mouth once daily at around the same time every day.What was the purpose of this study?
The main purposes of this study were to learn more about the safety and about the 
possible effectiveness o f talazoparib in men with metastatic castration -resistant 
prostate cancer and DNA -repair defects .
Researchers wanted to know:
How many participants ha d a partial or complete response to 
talazoparib treatment?
What medical problems did participants have or report during the 
study ? 
What happened during the study? 
How was the study done?
Researchers studied a group of participants to learn more about the safety and the 
possible effectiveness of talazoparib in men with metastatic castration -resistant 
prostate cancer and DNA -repair defects.
Participants included in the study :
Were examined by a study doctor and determined to be appropriate to 
participate 
Were adult men
Had a recent biopsy of their prostate cancer
Had confirmed prostate cancer with a DNA -repair defect (mistake in DNA)Were currently either receiving drugs or had their testes removed with the aim 
to reduce androgen in the body . This strategy is called ADT (androgen 
deprivation therapy)
Had prostate cancer that was metastatic and was progressive (getting worse)
Had previously been treated with 1 or 2 differe nt chemotherapy regimens 
First, a study doctor checked each potential participant to make sure they were 
appropriate to join the study.  This isknown as the screening period.  Most 
participants received 1 milligram (mg) talazoparib once a day (participants with 
moderate kidney disease received 0.75 mg talazoparib once a day) , and could continue 
receiving talazoparib until their cancer worsened , they had unacceptable medical 
problems, they chose to stop taking talazoparib, they passed away , or they were no 
longer benefitting from talazoparib .  Participants also continued to take ADT
throughout the study.  This was an open -label study, which means that the 
participants, researchers, and study doctors knew which treatment the participants
received .
Participants were expected to attend visits at the study center every 2 weeks for the 
first 8 weeks (through Week 9), then every 4 weeks through Week 25, and every 
12weeks thereafter.   They had imaging tests done at some of these visits, to see if 
their prostate cancer was growing or shrinking .  Participants were also expected to 
attend an end -of-treatment visit about 4 weeks after their last dose of talazoparib, plus 
safety follow -up visits every 8 to 12 weeks until the study ended .
The figure belo w shows what happened during the study.Where did this study take place? 
Participants were recruited from 43 hospitals, cancer centers, and medical centers in 
Australia, Austria, Belgium, Brazil, France, Germany, Hungary, Italy, the Netherlands, 
Poland , Spain, South Korea, the U nited Kingdom , and the U nited States .
When did this study take place?
It began 04 July 2017 and is scheduled to end 02 September 2022 .  The Sponsor 
review edthe information collected andcreated a report of the results.  This is a 
summary of that report.
Who participated in this study?
A total of 128men joined this study , and 127 men received study treatment .All 
participants were between the ages of 46 and 84 years .
Of the 127participants who received study treatment , 97(76%) completed treatment.  
At the time th e Sponsor reviewed the information collected , 30participants were still 
receiving study treatment.  
What were the results of the study?
How many participants had a partial or complete response to 
talazoparib treat ment?
A total of 31 out of 104 (30%) participants responded to talazoparib treatment, with 
24 (23%) participants achieving a partial response and 7 (7%) participants achieving 
a complete response.  Partial response means that the participant had at least a
30% reduction in tumor size.  Complete response means that the participant’s 
cancer tumors disappeared completely.
This does not mean that everyone in this study had these results.  This is a summary 
of just some of the main results of this study.  Other studies may have different 
results.
What medical problems did participants have or 
report during the study?
The researchers recorded any medical problems the participants had during the study.  
Participants could have had medical problems for reasons not related to the study (for 
example, caused by an underlying disease, such as their prostate cancer, or by chan ce).  
Or, medical problems could also have been caused by the study treatment or by 
another medicine the participant was taking.  Sometimes the cause of a medical 
problem is unknown.  By co llating medical problems across many treatment groups in 
many studi es, doctors try to understand what effects a study medication might have 
on a participant.
Of the 127 participants who received study treatment, 121 (95%) participants 
reported at least 1 medical problem during their treatment in the study.   A total of 
15(12%) participants stopped taking study treatment because of medical problems.  The table below shows the most common medical problems —those occurring in at 
least 20% of participants —that happened during the study.
Below are instructions on how to read Tables 1 and 2. 
Instructions for Understanding Tables 1 and 2. 
The 1stcolumn of Table 1 lists medical problems that were commonly reported 
during the study.  All medical problems reported by at least 20% of participants are 
listed.
The 2ndcolumn tells how many of the 127 participants treated with talazoparib 
reported each medical problem.  Next to this number is the percentage of the 
127participants treated with talazoparib who reported the medical problem. 
Using these instructions, yo u can see that 62 out of 127 (49%) participants had low 
number of red blood cells.Did study participants have any serious medical 
problems?
A medical problem is considered “serious” when it is life -threatening, needs hospital 
care, or causes lasting problems.  A total of 43out of 127(34%) participants reported 
at least 1 serious medical problem during their treatment in the study , and 11 out of 
127 (9%) participants reported at least 1 serious medical problem during their 
treatment in the study that wasconsidered to be related to study treatment.  The table 
below shows the most common serious medical problems —those occurring in at least 
2% of participants —that happened during the study.Table 1. Commonly reported medical problems by study participants 
Medical Problem Talazoparib
(127Participants)
Low number of red blood cells 62out of 127participants
(49%)
Nausea 42out of 127participants
(33%)
Decreased appetite 36out of 127participants
(28%)
Feeling weak 30out of 127participants
(24%)A total of 69 out of 127 (54%) participants who received study treatment died during 
this study.  Most of t hese deaths were due to worsening cancer ,and none of the 
deaths were considered to be related to study treatment .
Where can I learn more about this study?
If you have questions about the results of your study, please speak with the doctor or 
staff at your study site.
For more details on your study protocol, please visit:
www.clinicaltrials.gov Use the study identifier NCT03 148795
www.clinicaltrialsregister.eu Use the study identifier 2016-002036 -32
Please remember that researchers look at the results of many studies to find out which 
medicines can work and are safe for patients .Table 2. Commonly reported serious medical problems by study 
participants 
Serious Medical Problem Talazoparib
(127Participants)
Blood clot in lung 8out of 127participants
(6%)
Low number of red blood cells 5out of 127participants
(4%)
Worsening prostate cancer 4out of 127participants
(3%)
Pneumonia (lung infection) 3out of 127participants
(2%)
Urinary tract infection 3out of 127participants
(2%)Again, if you participated in this study, 
thank you for volunteering.
We do research to try to find the 
best ways to help patients, and you helped 
us to do that !