Clinical Study Results
This summary reports the results of only one study.  Researchers must look at the 
results of many types of studies to understand if a study vaccine works, how it works, 
and if it is safe to prescribe to study participants.  The results of this study might be 
different than the results of other studies that the researchers review.
Sponsor:    Pfizer Inc. 
Vaccine(s) Studied: 20-valent Pneumococcal Conjugate Vaccine
(CRM 197protein), Compound Number: PF -06482077
Protocol Number: B7471004
Dates of Study: 01 September 2020 to 29 June 2021 
Title of this Study: Safety and Immunogenicity of 20vPnC Coadministered 
With SIIV in Adults ≥65 Years of Age
[Final Report: A Phase 3, Randomized, Double -Blind 
Trial to Evaluate the Safety and Immunogenicity of a 
20-valent Pneumococcal Conjugate Vaccine (20vPnC) 
When Coadministered With Seasonal Inactivated 
Influenza Vaccine (SIIV) in Adults ≥65 Years of Age]
Date(s) of this Report: 17 February 2022
–Thank You –
If you participated in this study, Pfizer, the Sponsor, would like to thank you for your 
participation. 
This summary will describe the study results.  If you have any questions about the 
study or the results, please contact the doctor or staff at your study site.Why was this study done?
What are Streptococcus pneumoniae and influenza?
Streptococcus pneumoniae is a type of bacteria that can cause serious diseases, including 
infections of the lung (pneumonia), brain lining (meningitis), blood (bacteremia), or 
ear (otitis). These infections may be very serious in older adults. Streptococcus 
pneumoniae is also known as S. pneumoniae or pneumococcus. 
Influenza (or “the flu”) is a respiratory illness caused by influenza viruses.  The flu 
may cause symptoms like fever, body aches, or sore throat. The flu can be serious in 
older adults.
What are 20vPnC and SIIV?
A vaccine is used to help prevent infection by helping the body to fight off germs. 
After a vaccine is injected into a person’s body, the body responds to help fight 
infections and prevent diseases. The response to vaccines includes making 
“antibodies”, which are proteins that fight infections and help to prevent disease .
The “20 -valent pneumococcal conjugate vaccine”, or 20vPnC, may help to prevent 
infections caused by S. pneumoniae. It is called “20-valent ”because 20vPnC may help 
to prevent 20 of the most common types of S. pneumoniae . 20vPnC is an 
investigational vacc ine and it was not approved for general use at the time of this 
study. 
The seasonal inactivated influenza vaccine (SIIV) is commonly known as a “flu shot”.  
The SIIV used in the study is currently approved in the United States for helping to 
prevent influ enza (“the flu”) in adults 65 years of age and over .
What was the purpose of this study?
The main purpose of this study was to learn about the safety and the effects of 
20vPnC and SIIV in participants 65 years and older, when given together or 
separately. Researchers wanted to know:
Did participants who received 20vPnC and SIIV together have 
antibody responses against S. pneumoniae that were considered to 
be not lower (noninferior) to those who received 20vPnC 
separately?
Did participants who received 20vP nC and SIIV together have 
antibody responses against influenza that were considered to be 
not lower (noninferior) to those who received SIIV separately? 
How many participants had redness, swelling, or pain at the 
injection site within 10 days after vaccin ation with 20vPnC?
How many participants had fever, headache, tiredness, muscle 
pain, or joint pain within 7 days after vaccination with 20vPnC?
How many participants had medical problems within 1 month after 
each vaccination?
How many participants had ser ious medical problems within 
6months after the last vaccination?  
How many participants had newly diagnosed chronic medical 
conditions within 6 months after the last vaccination?What happened during the study? 
How was the study done?
Researchers studied 2 groups of study participants.  Group 1 received injections of 
20vPnC and SIIV at the same visit, followed by an injection of saline (a mix of salt 
and water) 1 month later.  Group 2 received injections of SIIV and saline at the same 
visit, followed by a separate injection of 20vPnC 1month later.  The saline injections 
were given so that the participants and researchers did not know who was in each 
treatment group.  This is known as a “blinded” study. Study participants were first 
sorted according to whether they hadever had a vaccine for S. pneumoniae , and then 
assigned to each group by chance alone.
Group 1: 895 participants received a study vaccine
Group 2: 896 participants received a study vaccine
Participants were first screened by medically -qualified study staff to make sure they 
met the requirements to join the study.  Participants were in the study for about 
7months, and were expected to attend 4 study visits during this time.  At these visits,
participants had their blood drawn, received study injections, and were monitored for 
any medical problems.
The figure below shows what happened during the study.Where did this study take place? 
The Sponsor ran this study at 66 locations in the Uni ted States.
When did this study take place?
It began 01 September 2020 and ended 29 June 2021 .
Who participated in this study?
The study included men and women 65 years and older.  Study participants:
Were examined by the study doctor and determined to be appropriate for study 
participation
Had either never received a vaccine for S. pneumoniae , or had received their last 
vaccine for S. pneumoniae at least 6 months before starting the study
Had received their last flu vaccine at least 6 months before startin g the study 
Were not allergic to any of the ingredients in the study vaccines
A total of 812 men (45%) participated
A total of 979 women (55%) participated
All participants were between the ages of 65 and 103 years.  
A total of 1796 participants joined the study, and 1791 participants (more than 99%) 
received at least 1 study vaccine.  1727 participants (96%) completed the study.  A 
total of 69 participants (4%) left the study early for the following reasons:
2 participants (less than 1%) had a medical problem
5 participants (less than 1%) passed away
18 participants (1%) were “lost to follow -up” (stopped participating in the 
study and could not be reached)
16 participants (1%) no longer met the criteria to participate in the study
4 participants (less than 1%) were withdrawn from the study due to an 
unplanned variation from the study design
21 participants (1%) chose to leave the study early
3 participants (less than 1%) left the study early for other reason s
How long did the study las t?
Study participants were in the study for up to 7 months.  The entire study took about 
10months to complete.  
When the study ended in June 2021, the Sponsor began reviewing the information 
collected.  The Sponsor then created a report of the results.  This is a summary of that 
report.What were the results of the study?
Did participants who received 20vPnC and SIIV together have 
antibody responses against S. pneumoniae that were considered to 
be not lower (noninferior) to those who received 20vPnC 
separately?
The researchers measured the amount of antibodies against S. pneumoniae in 
participants’ blood 1 month after being vaccinated with 20vPnC. The researchers 
found that antibody levels in participants f rom Group 1 (20vPnC and SIIV given 
together) were within a range considered to be not lower (noninferior) to those in 
participants from Group 2 (20vPnC and SIIV given separately). Therefore, the 
participants who received 20vPnC and SIIV given together had antibody responses 
that were not lower to the participants who received 20vPnC given separately .  
Did participants who received 20vPnC and SIIV together have 
antibody responses against influenza that were considered to be 
not lower (noninferior) to those who received SIIV separately?
The researchers measured the amount of antibodies against influenza in 
participants’ blood 1 month after being vaccinated with SIIV. The researchers 
found that antibody levels in participants from Group 1 (20vPnC and SIIV given 
together) were within a range considered to be not lower (noninferior) to those in 
participants from Group 2 (20vPnC and SIIV given separately). Therefore, the 
participants who received 20vPnC and SIIV given together had antibody responses 
that were not lower to the participants who received SIIV given separately. 
This is a summary of just some of the main results of this study.  Other studies 
may have different results.What medical problems did participants have during 
the study?
The researchers recorded any medical problems the participants had during the stud y.  
Participants could have had medical problems for reasons not related to the study (for 
example, caused by an underlying disease or by chance).  Or, medical problems could 
also have been caused by a study vaccine or by another medicine the participant w as 
taking.  Sometimes the cause of a medical problem is unknown.  By comparing 
medical problems across many vaccine groups in many studies, doctors try to 
understand what effects a study vaccine might have on a participant.
How many participants had rednes s, swelling, or pain at the 
injection site within 10 days after vaccination with 20vPnC?
444 out of 876 (51%) participants in Group 1 ( 20vPnC and SIIV given together) had 
redness, swelling, or pain at the injection site within 10 days after vaccination with 
20vPnC.  453 out of 855 (53%) participants in Group 2 ( 20vPnC and SIIV given 
separately) had redness, swelling, or pain at the injection site within 10 days after 
vaccination with 20vPnC.   Pain at the injection site was the most frequent of these 
reactions.
How many participants had fever, headache, tiredness, muscle pain, 
or joint pain within 7 days after vaccination with 20vPnC?
418 out of 877 (48%) participants in Group 1 ( 20vPnC and SIIV given together) had 
fever, headache, tiredness, muscle pain, or joint pain within 7 days after vaccination 
with 20vPnC.  300 out of 855 (35%) participants in Group 2 ( 20vPnC and SIIV given 
separately) hadfever, headache, tirednes s, muscle pain, or joint pain within 7 days 
after vaccination with 20vPnC. Tiredness was the most frequent of these symptoms.How many participants had medical problems within 1 month after 
each vaccination?
81out of 895(9%) participants in Group 1 had at least 1 medical problem within 
1month after vaccination .  Out of those who received 20vPnC and SIIV separately, 
72out of 896 (8%) participants had at least 1 medical problem within 1 month after 
vaccination with SIIV and 76 out of 878 (9%) participant s had at least 1 medical 
problem within 1 month after vaccination with 20vPnC.
A total of 3 ( less than 1 %) participants left the study because of medical problems, 
including 2 participants in Group 1 and 1 participant in Group 2.  
The most common medical problems –those reported by at least 1% of participants 
in any group –are described below.
Below are instructions for understanding Tables 1 and 2.Instructions for Understanding Tables 1 and 2. 
The 1stcolumn of Table 1 lists medical problems that were 
commonly reported during the study.  All medical problems reported 
by at least 1% of participants in any group are listed.
The 2ndcolumn tells how many of the 895 participants receiving 
20vPnC and SIIV t ogether reported each medical problem.  Next to 
this number is the percentage of the 895 participants receiving 
20vPnC and SIIV together who reported the medical problem. 
The 3rdcolumn tells how many of the 878 participants receiving 
20vPnC and 896 parti cipants receiving SIIV separately reported each 
medical problem.  Next to this number is the percentage of the 
878participants receiving 20vPnC separately and 896 participants 
receiving SIIV separately who reported the medical problem.
Using these instruc tions, you can see that 9 out of the 895 (1%) 
participants receiving 20vPnC and SIIV together reported a positive 
COVID -19 test.  A total of 14 out of the 878 (2%) participants 
receiving 20vPnC separately reported a positive COVID -19 test.   A 
total of 6 out of the 896 (1%) participants receiving SIIV separately 
reported a positive COVID -19 test .Did study participants have any serious medical 
problems?
A medical problem is considered “serious” when it is life -threatening, needs hospital 
care, or causes lasting problems.Table 1. Commonly reported medical problems by study participants 
within 1 month after vaccination with 20vPnC 
Medical Problem Group 1 
20vPnC and SIIV Together
(895 Vaccinated) Group 2 
20vPnC Separately  
(878 Vaccinated)  
Positive COV ID-19 test 9 out of 895 vaccinated
(1%)14 out of 878 vaccinated
(2%)
COVID -19 infection 7 out of 895 vaccinated
(1%)13 out of 878 vaccinated
(1%)
Table 2. Commonly reported medical problems by study participants 
within 1 month after vaccination with SIIV 
Medical Problem Group 1 
20vPnC and SIIV Together
(895 Vaccinated) Group 2 
SIIV Separately  
(896 Vaccinated) 
Positive COV ID-19 test 9 out of 895 vaccinated
(1%)6 out of 896 vaccinated
(1%)How many participants had serious medical problems within 
6months after the last vaccination?  
33 out of 895 (4%) participants in Group 1 ( 20vPnC and SIIV given together) had a 
serious medical problem within 6 months after their last vaccination.  33 out of 896 
(4%) participants in Group 2 ( 20vPnC and SIIV given separately) had a serious 
medical problem within 6 months after their last vaccination.  No single serious 
medical problem happened in at least 1% of participants in either group.  No serious 
medi cal problems were considered to be related to study vaccination by the study 
doctor.
A total of 5 participants (less than 1%) died during this study, including 2 participants 
in Group 1 and 3 participants in Group 2 .  The causes of death were medical 
probl ems that may occur in this age population ( heart problems, cancer, pneumonia, 
etc.).  No death was considered by the study doctors to be related to study 
vaccination.
How many participants had newly diagnosed chronic medical 
conditions within 6 months afte r the last vaccination?
34 out of 895 (4%) participants in Group 1 ( 20vPnC and SIIV given together) had a 
newly diagnosed chronic medical condition within 6 months after their last 
vaccination.  28 out of 896 (3%) participants in Group 2 ( 20vPnC and SIIV g iven 
separately) had a newly diagnosed chronic medical condition within 6 months after 
their last vaccination.
Where can I learn more about this study?
If you have questions about the results of your study, please speak with the doctor or 
staff at your study site.
For more details on your study protocol, please visit:
www.clinicaltrials.gov Use the study identifier NCT04526574Please remember that researchers look at the results of many studies to find out which 
vaccines can work and are safe for study participants.
Again, if you participated in this study, 
thank you for volunteering.
We do research to try to find the 
best ways to help study participants, and you 
helped us to do that !