Clinical Study Results
This summary reports the results of only one study. Researchers must look at the 
results of many types of studies to understand if a study medication works, how it 
works, and if it is safe to prescribe to patients . The results of this study might be 
different than the results of other studies that the rese archers review.
Sponsor:    Pfizer Inc.
Medicine(s) Studied: Cibinqo®(abrocitinib) Commercial Tablets and Abrocitinib 
Liquid Formulation
Protocol Number: B7451061
Dates of Study: 04June 2021 to 26October 2021
Title of this Study: Study Comparing Single Doses of Abrocitinib Tablets and 
Abrocitinib Liquid Medicine Taken Alone and After 
Famotidine Antacids
[A Phase 1, Randomized, Crossover Study to Evaluate 
Relative Bioavailability of Abrocitinib Oral Suspension and 
Effect of an Acid -Reducing Agent on the Bioavailability of 
Abrocitinib Commercial Tablet and to Assess the Taste of 
Abrocitinib Oral Formulations in Healthy Adult Participants 
Aged 18 to 55 Years of Age ]
Date(s) of this Report: 22March 2022
–Thank You –
If you participated in this study, Pfizer, the Sponsor, would like to thank you for your 
participation. 
This summary will describe the study results. If you have any questions about the 
study or the results, please contact the doctor or staff at your study site.Why was this study done?
What is atopic dermatitis?
Atopic dermatitis (or “AD”), which is also sometimes called atopic eczema, is a 
common skin disorder that causes patches of flaky, red, and very itchy skin.  AD 
occurs in 5% to 10% of adults and 15% to 20% of children worldwide.  Some of the 
current medici nes available for AD can only be used for short time periods or can 
cause other health problems.  Researchers are looking for new treatments for AD that 
can be taken safely for long periods of time.
While researchers think that many things cause AD, it is made worse by the body’s 
immune system (the body’s defense against infection) causing redness and swelling 
(inflammation).  Cells in the immune system cause inflammation by making special 
proteins called “cytokines”.  Researchers think that medicines that lower the amount 
of cytokines that the body makes could help treat patients with AD. 
What is abrocitinib ?
The drug tested in this study was abrocitinib.  Abrocitinib has been approved for sale
and can be used by adults in some countries around the world . Abrocitinib blocks the 
activity of a protein called “Janus kinase 1”, which acts like a switch for the cells of 
the immune system.  By turning off this switch, the cells of the immune system are 
expected to produce fewer cytokines that are believed to mak e AD worse .
What was the purpose of this study?
The purpose of this study was to compare the levels of abrocitinib seen in the blood 
after participants had taken abrocitinib tablets, abrocitinib liquid, and abrocitinib 
tablets taken 2 hours after the medicine famotidine.   Famotidine is an antacid .  It is 
used to treat and prevent heartburn, indigestion, and other symptoms caused by too 
much stomach acid such as stomach ulcers and reflux disease .  The researchers did 
this study as they wanted to develop anew liquid preparation or f ormulation of 
abrocitinib as an alternative to taking tablets . Researchers wanted to know:
Part A: How did the amount of abrocitinib in the blood 
change when this treatment was given as a tablet or as a 
liquid or when abrocitinib tablets were taken after the antacid 
famotidine ?
Part B: What did participants think of the taste of the 
abrocitinib liquid?
What medical problems did participants have during the 
study?
What happened during the study?
How was the study done?
Researchers tested the study treatments of abrocitinib tablets, abrocitinib liquid
(Liquid 1), and abrocitinib tablets when taken 2 hours after famotidine on group sof 
healthy participants to learn how abrocitinib acted in the body in Part A .  The 
researchers also wanted to know what the participants thought about the taste of 
different abrocitinib liquid sin Part B .  
Participants had to stay at the study center for the entire study (Part A and Part B) . 
Participants were assigned to each gro up by chance alone and the treatments in Part A 
and in Part B were given in a random order as shown in the following figure.In Part A, participants were to take abrocitinib tablets, abrocitinib liquid (Liquid 1), 
and abrocitinib tablets 2 hours after ha ving taken famotidine tablets.  The dose of 
abrocitinib w as200 m illigram or m g and th is was taken after an overnight fast 
(nothing to eat or drink except water) .  The participants took the study treatments in a 
random order.  The participants and the rese archers knew who was taking what 
treatment and this is known as an “open -label study”.  There was to be at least 3 days 
between each dose in Part A ,and also 3 days between P eriod 3 of P art A and P eriod 4 
of Part B.
In Part B, participants were to take all 6 different liquid formulations of 200mg 
abrocitinib and were asked about the taste.  The 6 liquids were to be taken a random 
order with at least 1 day between each dose.  Some pa rticipants also took famotidine. 
The participants did not know what was in each formulation of abrocitinib, but the 
researchers knew what was in the liquids.  This is known as a “single -blind study”.  
The results of this taste testing are not included in this report.
Researchers took sampl es of blood and urine from participants during the study for 
safety tests and for testingfor abrocitinib.  Researchers then compared the levels of 
abrocitinib in the blood of the participants.  
Researchers also checked the participants’ health during the study and asked them 
how they were feeling. 
Where did this study take place?
The Sponsor ran this study at 1 location in the United States of America .
When did this study take place?
It began 04 June 2021 and ended 26 October 2021 .
Who participated in this study?
The study included healthy adult participants.
A total of 14men participated
A total of 5women participated
All participants were between the ages of 22 and 55 yearsOf the 19participants who started the study, 18finished the study. One (1) 
participant did not finish the study because they wanted to leave the study.
How long did the study last?
Study participants were in the study for about 52 days .  The entire study took almost 
5months to complete.
When the study ended in October 20 21, the Sponsor began reviewing the information 
collected.  The Sponsor then created a report of the results.  This is a summary of that 
report.
What were the results of the study?
Part A: How did the amount of abrocitinib in the blood change when 
this treatment was given as a tablet or as a liquid orwhen abrocitinib 
tablets were taken after the antacid famotidine ?
What was the estimated total amount of abrocitinib in the blood 
after participants took the study treatments ?
The estimated total amount of abrocitinib in the blood from when 200 mg 
abrocitinib tablets were taken until abrocitinib was removed from the body 
was 4,623 nanogram hours per milliliter, also called ng•hr/mL.  The 
ng•hr/mL is a unit used to measure total amount of drug over t ime in the 
blood .  When 200 mg abrocitinib liquid was taken, the estimated total 
amount of abrocitinib in the blood was similar at 4 ,601 ng•hr/mL.  
When 200 mg abrocitinib tablets were taken after famotidine, the estimated 
total amount of abrocitinib in the blood from when the abrocitinib tablets 
were taken until abrocitinib was removed from the body was 
3,096ng•hr/mL .  This a third (or 33%)lower than when abrocitinib was 
taken by itself.The total amount of abrocitinib in the blood from when 200 mg abrocitinib 
tablets were taken to the time when the lowest amount was detected in the 
blood was 4 ,595nanogram ng•hr/mL.  When 200 mg abrocitinib liquid was 
taken, the total amount of abrocitini b in the blood was similar at 
4,589ng•hr/mL.    
When 200 mg abrocitinib tablets were taken after famotidine, the total 
amount of abrocitinib in the blood from when the abrocitinib tablets were 
taken to the time when the lowest amount was detected in the blood was
2,703ng•hr/mL.  This is around two-fifths (2/5thor 40%) lower than when 
abrocitinib was taken by itself.
What was the highest amount of abrocitinib in the blood after 
participants took the study treatments ?
The highest amount of abrocitinib in the blood after participants took 
200mg abrocitinib tablets was 1 ,264nanogram per milliliter , also called 
ng/mL.  The ng/mL is a unit used to measure the amount of drug in the 
blood.  When 200 mg abrocitinib liquid was taken , the highest amount of 
abrocitinib was 1 ,218 ng/mL.   
When 200 mg abrocitinib tablets were taken after famotidine, the highest 
amount of abrocitinib in the blood was 189 ng/mL.  This was a reduction of 
over four-fifths (80%).
Based on these results, the researchers have decided that the results are not likely 
the result of chance.  The r esearchers considered the tablet and liquid versions of 
abrocitinib gave comparable or similar results .The researchers also found that 
taking famotidine and abrocitinib together cha nges how abrocitinib behaves in the 
body. 
This does not mean that everyone in this study had these results.  This is a summary 
of just some of the main results of this study.  Other studies may have different 
results.
What medical problems did participants have during 
the study?
The researchers recorded any medical problems the participants had during the study.  
Participants could have had medical problems for reasons not related to the study (for 
example, caused by an unknown underlying diseas e or by chance). Or, medical 
problems could also have been caused by a study treatment or by another medicine 
the participant was taking. Sometimes the cause of a medical problem is unknown. 
By comparing medical problems across many treatment groups in many studies, 
doctors try to understand what effects a study medication might have on a participant.
InPart A, 6out of the 18 (33%) participants had at least 1 medical problem after 
taking abrocitinib tablets , 8 out of the 18 (44%) participants had at le ast 1 medical 
problem after taking abrocitinib liquid, and 6out of out of the 18 (33%) participants 
had at least 1 medical problem after taking abrocitinib after famotidine tablets .  
In Part B, 5 out of the 9(56%) participants had at least 1 medical problem after taking 
the 6 abrocitinib liquid sand 2 out of the 1 0(20%) participants had at least 1 medical 
problem after taking abrocitinib after famotidine table ts.  
Note: Information on medical prob lems experienced by participants was not available 
for all the participants who were treated in Part B. 
No p articipants left the study because of medical problems.  The most common 
medical problems –those reported by more than 1 participant in anygroup –are 
described in Table 1 for Part A and in Table 2 for Part B .Below are instructions on how to read Table 1, which shows the medical problems 
reported in Part A . These instructions can also be used to help explain Table 2 , 
which shows the medical problems in Part B .
Instructions for Understanding Table 1. 
The 1stcolumn of Table 1lists medical problems that were commonly 
reported during the study.  All medical problems reported by more
than 1 participant in any group are listed.
The 2ndcolumn tells how many of the 18participants taking 
abrocitinib tablets reported each medical problem.  Next to this 
number is the percentage of the 18 participants taking abrocitinib 
tablets who reported the medical problem. 
The 3rd column tells how many of the 18 participants takin g
abrocit inib liquid (Liquid 1 )reported each medical problem.  Next to 
this number is the percentage of the 18 participants taking abrocitinib 
liquid (Liquid 1) who reported the medical problem.
The 4th column tells how many of the 18 participants taking 
abrocitinib tablets after famotidine tablets reported each medical 
problem.  Next to this number is the percentage of the 18 participants 
taking abrocitinib tablets after famotidine tablets who reported the 
medical problem .
Using these instructions, you ca n see that 3out of the 18(17%) 
participants taking abrocitinib tablets and5out of the 18 (28%) 
participants taking abrocitinib liquid (Liquid 1) reported nausea .  A 
total of 0out of the 18 (0%) participants taking abrocitinib tablets after 
famotidine tablets reported nausea .Table 2. Commonly reported medical problems by study participants 
in Part B
Medical 
Problem200 mg Abrocitinib Liquid
(Liquid 1 , 2, 3, 4, 5, and 6 )
(9Participants)200 mg Abrocitinib Liquid 
(Liquid 1, 2, 3, 4, 5, and 6)
After Famotidine Tablets
(10 Participants)
Nausea 4 out of 9 participants (44%) 0out of 10participants ( 0%)
Hunger 2 out of 9 participants (22%) 0 out of 10 participants (0%)Table 1. Commonly reported medical problems by study participants 
in Part A
Medical 
Problem200 mg 
Abrocitinib 
Tablets
(18 Participants)200 mg 
Abrocitinib 
Liquid
(Liquid 1)
(18 Participants)200 mg 
Abrocitinib 
Tablets After 
Famotidine
Tablets
(18 Participants)
Nausea 3 out of 18participants 
(17%)5 out of 18 participants 
(28%)0 out of 18 participants 
(0%)
Complication 
around operation 
site2 out of 18participants 
(11%)2 out of 18 participants 
(11%)4 out of 18 participants 
(22%)
Headache 2 out of 18participants 
(11%)3 out of 18 participants 
(17%)0out of 18 participants 
(0%)Did study participants have any serious medical 
problems?
A medical problem is considered “serious” when it is life-threatening, needs hospital 
care, or causes lasting problems.
There were 0 participants (0%, or 0out of 18 participants) who had serious medical 
problems.  No participants died during this study.
Where can I learn more about this study?
If you have questions about the results of your study, please speak with the doctor or 
staff at your study site.
For more details on your study protocol, please visit:
www.clinicaltrials.gov Use the study identifier NCT 04903093
Please remember that researchers look at the results of many studies to find out which 
medicines can work and are safe for patients .
Again, if you participated in this study, 
thank you for volunteering.
We do research to try to find the
best ways to help patients , and you helped 
us to do that !