Clinical Study Results
This summary reports the results of only one study.  Researchers must look at the 
results of many types of studies to understand if a study medication works, how it 
works, and if it is safe to prescribe to patients.  The results of this study might be 
different than the results of other studies that the researchers review.
Sponsor:    Pfizer Inc. 
Medicine(s) Studied: PF-07038124
Protocol Number: C3941003
Dates of Study: 30 June 2021 to 09 September 2021 
Title of this Study: Study to Evaluate the Safety, Local and Systemic 
Tolerability, and Pharmacokinetics of Multiple -Dose 
Topical Administration of PF -07038124 in Japanese 
Healthy Participants 
[A Phase 1, Randomized, Double -Blind, 
Vehicle -Controlled, Parallel Cohort Study to Evaluate 
the Safety, Tolerability, Skin Irritation Potential and 
Pharmacokinetics of Multiple -Dose, Topical 
Administration of PF -07038124 to Japanese Healthy 
Participants]
Date(s) o f this Report: 19April 2022 
–Thank You –
If you participated in this study, Pfizer, the Sponsor, would like to thank you for your 
participation.
This summary will describe the study results.  If you have any questions about the 
study or the results, please contact the doctor or staff at your study site.Why was this study done?
What are atopic dermatitis and psoriasis?
Atopic dermatitis (AD) and psoriasis are two common diseases that can cause 
symptoms like redness, itching, pain, and dry or scaly patches of the skin.  While 
researchers think that many things can cause AD or psoriasis, they are made worse by 
inflammation, which is the body’s immun e system response. 
What is PF -07038124?
PF-07038124 is an investigational medicine that is being studied to treat AD and 
psoriasis. An investigational medicine is one that has not been approved for use 
outside of research studies like this one.  PF-07038124 is applied to the skin as an 
ointment.  PF-07038124 may improve symptoms of AD and psoriasis by decreasing 
inflammation in the skin.
What was the purpose of this study?
The main purpose of this study was to learn more about the safety and toler ability of 
PF-07038124 when used in healthy Japanese adults (who did not have AD or 
psoriasis). 
Researchers wanted to know:
What medical problems did participants have? 
Did participants have skin irritation after applying PF -07038124 or 
plain ointment ?What happened during the study? 
How was the study done?
Researchers studied 2 groups of participants to learn more about the safety of 
PF-07038124.   The study included healthy adult participants. Participants included in 
the study :
Were ethnically Japanese (all 4 grandparents were Japanese)
Were at a normal weight
Did not have any skin damage or skin diseases
Participants were assigned to 1 of 2 treatment groups by chance (like the flip of a 
coin) to receive either PF -07038124 0.01% or plain ointment applied to the skin.  The 
plain ointment looked just like PF -07038124 but didn’t have any medicine in it. 
The study treatments were applied to about 10% of the skin or about 20% of the skin.  
All treatments were applied at the study center by a s taff member, every day for 
10days.  Neither the study staff, the researchers, nor the participants knew which 
treatment they received.  This is known as a double -blind study.  Participants were 
also expected to attend a follow -up visit about 1 month after finishing study 
treatment.
The figure below shows what happened during the study.Where did this study take place? 
The study was conducted at 1 location in Japan.
When did this study take place?
It began 30 June 2021 and ended 09 September 2021 .
Who participated in this study?
A total of 12 participants joined this study:  
A total of 12 men (100%) participated
No women (0%) participated
All participants were between the ages of 33 and 53 years 
All 12 participants (100%) completed the study. 
How lon g did the study last?
Participants could be in the study for up to approximately 10 weeks, which was how 
long it took to complete the entire study.  When the study ended in September 2021, 
the Sponsor began reviewing the information collected.  The Sponsor then created a 
report of the results.  This is a summary of that report.
What medical problems did participants have during 
the study?
The researchers recorded any medical problems the participants had during the study.  
Participants could have had medica l problems for reasons not related to the study (for 
example, caused by an underlying disease or by chance).  Or, medical problems could 
also have been caused by the study treatment or by another medicine the participant 
was taking.  Sometimes the cause of a medical problem is unknown.  By comparing 
medical problems across many treatment groups in many studies, doctors try to 
understand what effects a study medication might have on a participant.
One out of 12 participant s(8%) had a medical problem, which was an increase in the 
liver enzyme “alanine aminotransferase”.  This medical problem was not considered 
to be related to study treatment.  No participants stopped taking study treatment 
because of medical problems.  
Didstudy participants have skin irritation after applying 
PF-07038124 or plain ointment ?
No participants in this study had visible skin irritation after applying PF -07038124 or 
plain ointment .
Did study participants have any serious medical 
problems?
A medic al problem is considered “serious” when it is life -threatening, needs hospital 
care, or causes lasting problems.  No participants in this study had serious medical 
problems, and no participants died during the study.Where can I learn more about this stu dy?
If you have questions about the results of your study, please speak with the doctor or 
staff at your study site.
For more details on your study protocol, please visit:
www.clinicaltrials.gov Use the study identifier NCT04863417
Please remember that researchers look at the results of many studies to find out which 
medicines can work and are safe for patients.
Again, if you participated in this study, 
thank you for volunteering.
We do research to try to find the 
best ways to help patients, and you helped 
us to do that !