Study Results
This summary reports the results of only one study.  Researchers must look at the 
results of many types of studies to understand if a study medication works, how it 
works, and if it is safe to prescribe to patients .  The results of this study might be 
different than the results of other studies that the researchers review.
Sponsor:    Pfizer Inc. 
Medicine(s) Studied: Talazoparib (also known as MDV3800, BMN 673,
PF-06944076)
Protocol Number: MDV3800 -13 (C3441010 )
Dates of Study: 08 November 2016 to 20 July 2021 
Title of this Study: Open -Label Extension and Safety Study of 
Talazoparib
A Single -Arm, Open -Label, Multicenter, Extended 
Treatment, Safety Study in Patients Treated With 
Talazoparib
Date(s) of this Report: 16March 2022 
–Thank You –
If you participated in this study, Pfizer, the Sponsor, would like to thank you for your 
participation. 
This summary will describe the study results.  If you have any questions about the 
study or the results, please contact the doctor or staff at your study site.Why was this study done?
What is cancer?
Cancer is the name for a group of diseases in which abnormal cells divide without 
control.  Most types of cancer cause solid tumors to form, which are masses of these 
abnormal cells.  
What is talazoparib?
Talazoparib (Talzenna ®) is known as a PARP inhibitor. PARP inhibitors are drugs 
that inhibit (stop) the normal activity of certain proteins called “Poly (ADP -ribose) 
polymerases”, also called “PARPs”. PARPs can be found in all normal and cancer 
cells, and are involved in the repair of DNA. Mistakes in the DNA can happen when 
cells divide. If the mistakes are not repaired, the cell will usually die and be replaced. 
Clinical trials have shown that the use of talaz oparib, as well as other PARP inhibitors, 
may reduce tumor size and slow tumor growth in patients with certain types of 
cancer. Talazoparib is given in a capsule and is taken by mouth once daily at around 
the same time every day .
What was the purpose of t his study?
Talazoparib is now approved in the United States, the European Union, and other 
countries for the treatment of people with a type of cancer known as metastatic breast 
cancer with BRCA mutations .  This study was done to learn more about the safety of 
talazoparib when used long term. 
Researchers wanted to know:
What medical problems did participants have? What happened during the study? 
How was the study done?
Researchers studied a group of participants to learn more about the safety of 
talazoparib when used long term.  Participants with advanced solid tumors who had 
previously completed a study of talazoparib were invited to join this study.  
Participants received talazoparib once per day by mouth, and were monitored for any 
medical pro blems .  The starting dose was up to 1 milligram (mg) per day , or the last 
dose they were able to tolerate in their previous study.  Participants could continue 
receiving talazoparib as long as it continued to benefit them, and participants were 
followed up for 30 days after their last dose of talazoparib .  This was an “open -label” 
study, which means that the participants and doctors knew which treatment and dose 
theparticipants received .
The figure below shows what happened during the study.
Where did this study take place? 
The study was conducted at 24 locations in 9 countries in North America , Europe , 
and Central Asia .
When did this study take place?
It began 08 November 2016 and ended 20 July 2021 .
Who participated in this study?
Thisstudy included adult men and women who had participated in a previous study 
of talazoparib in advanced solid tumors, and who were able to tolerate a dose of at 
least 0.25 milligrams (mg) per day.  
A total of 37 men (31%) participated
A total of 83 women (69%) participated
All participants were between the ages of 20 and 93 years 
A total of 120 participants joined the study, and 118 participants (98%) received 
talazoparib.  The reasons for stopping talazoparib treatment were:
Medical problem: 10 participants (8%)
Doctor decision: 5 participants (4%)
Worsening cancer: 85 participants (71%)
Participant decision: 6 participants (5%)
Lost contact with participant: 1 participant (1%)
Other reason: 11 participants (9%)
How long did the study last?
The a mount of time that participants were in this study varied.  The median (middle) 
amount of time that participants received talazoparib during this study was 
3.7months . The entire study took almost 5 years to complete.  
When the study ended in July 2021, the Sponsor began reviewing the information 
collected.  The Sponsor then created a report of the results.  This is a summary of that 
report.What medical problems did participants have during 
the study?
The researchers recorded any medical problems the participants had during the study.  
Participants could have had medical problems for reasons not related to the study (for 
example, caused by an underlying disease or by chance).  Or,medical problems could
also have been caused by the study treatment or by another medicine the participant 
was taking.  Sometimes the cause of a medical problem is unknown.  By comparing 
medical problems across many treatment groups in many studies, doctors try to 
understand wh at effects a study medication might have on a participant.
A total of 110 out of 118 (93%) treated participants had at least 1 medical problem.  
Nine (8%) participants stopped taking talazoparib because of medical problems.  The 
most common medical problem s –those reported by at least 10% of participants –
are described below.
Below are instructions for understanding Table 1.
Instructions for Understanding Table 1. 
The 1stcolumn of Table 1 lists medical problems that were 
commonly reported during the study.  All medical problems reported 
by at least 10% of participants are listed.
The 2ndcolumn tells how many of the 118 participants treated with 
talazoparib reported each medical problem.  Next to this number is 
the percentage of the 118 participants t reated with talazoparib who 
reported the medical problem. 
Using these instructions, you can see that for 39 out of the 118 (33%) 
participants treated with talazoparib, a low number of red blood cells 
was reported as a medical problem.Table 1. Commonly reported medical problems by study participants 
Medical Problem Talazoparib 
(118 Participants )
Low number of red blood cells 39 out of 118 participants
(33%)
Nausea 29 out of 118 participants
(25%)
Feeling tired 28 out of 118 participants
(24%)
Trouble breathing 17 out of 118 participants
(14%)
Low number of platelets in blood 17 out of 118 participants
(14%)
Pain in the abdomen 16 out of 118 participants
(14%)
Vomiting 16 out of 118 participants
(14%)
Low appetite 14 out of 118 participants
(12%)
Low number of a type of white blood 
cells14 out of 118 participants
(12%)
Weakness 12 out of 118 participants
(10%)
Back pain 12 out of 118 participants
(10%)Did study participants have any serious medical 
problems?
A medical problem is considered “serious” when it is life -threatening, needs hospital 
care, or causes lasting problems.
A total of 45 out of 118 (38%) treated participants had serious medical problems.  
The most common serious medical pro blems –those reported by at least 2% of 
participants –are described below.
Below are instructions for understanding Table 2.Diarrhea 12 out of 118 treated
(10%)
Instructions for Understanding Table 2. 
The 1stcolumn of Table 2 lists serious medical problems that were 
commonly reported during the study.  All serious medical problems 
reported by at least 2% of participants are listed.
The 2ndcolumn tells how many of the 118 participants treated with 
talazoparib reported each serious medical problem.  Next to this 
number is the percentage of the 118 participants treated with 
talazoparib who reported the serious medical problem. 
Using these instructions, you can see that for 4 out of the 118 ( 3%) 
participants treated with talazoparib ,a low number of red blood cells 
was reported as a serious medical problem . A total of 15 out of 118 (13%) treated participants died during this study.  Worsening 
cancer was the most common cause of death.  No deaths were considered by the 
study doctors to be related to talazoparib.
Where can I learn more about this study?
If you have questions about the results of your study, please sp eak with the doctor or 
staff at your study site.
For more details on your study protocol, please visit:
www.clinicaltrials.gov Use the study identifier NCT02921919
www.clinicaltrialsregister.eu Use the study identifier 2016-001972 -31
Please remember that researchers look at the results of many studies to find out which 
medicines can work and are safe for patients .Table 2. Commonly reported serious medical problems by study 
participants 
Serious Medical Problem Talazoparib 
(118 Participants )
Low number of red blood cells 4 out of 118 participants
(3%)
Worsening cancer 4 out of 118 participants
(3%)
Trouble breathing 4 out of 118 participants
(3%)
Cancer of the ovary 3 out of 118 participants
(3%)Again, if you participated in this study, 
thank you for volunteering.
We do research to try to find the 
best ways to help patients , and you helped 
us to do that !