 
 1 CLINICAL TRIAL RESULTS  
 
This summary reports the results of only one study.  Researchers must look at the 
results of many types of studies to understand if a study medicine works, how it 
works, and if it is safe to prescribe to patients.  The results of this study might be 
differ ent than the results of other studies that the researchers review.  
Sponsor:     Pfizer, Inc.  
Medicine (s) Studied:  Talazoparib  (PF-06944076)  
Protocol Number:  Study 673 -201 (C3441008; ABRAZO ) 
Dates of Trial:  13 December  2013  to 31 Oct ober 2018  
Title of  this Trial:  A Study of Talazoparib in Patients with Breast Cancer That 
is Advanced or Has Spread  [A Phase 2, 2 -Stage,  
2-Cohort Study of Talazoparib (BMN 673) Administered to 
Germline BRCA Mutation Subjects With Locally Advanced 
and/or Metastatic Breast Cancer ]  
Date of this Report:  19 December  2019   
– Thank You – 
Pfizer, t he Sponsor , would like to thank you for your participation in this clinical trial 
and provide  you a summary of results representing everyone who participated.  If you 
have any questions about the study or results , please contact the doctor or staff at 
your study site.  
  
 
 2 WHY WAS THIS STUDY DONE?  
Breast cancer is one of the most common causes of cancer in women.  In 2012, 
around 1.7 million women were diagnosed with this disease around the world .  Men 
can also get breast cancer , though this is  quite rare.   
Some breast cancers are caused by “mutations” in “DNA” in the BReast CAncer 
“genes” 1 and 2, which are more commonly known as BRC A1 and BRC A2.  DNA is 
a material inside the cells of all living things that  controls how cells in the body grow.  
Genes are parts of DNA that contain the code for a specific feature, like eye color .  
Mutations are changes in the DNA  that can alter how a cell will behave.    
If the BRC A1 and BRC A2 genes have mutations  then this may cause breast cancer.  
These mutations can be inherited from a parent w ith this  mutation or through chance , 
which is like the roll of a dice.   Special proteins known as “poly (ADP -ribose) 
polymera se” or “PARP” are found in all cells , and these proteins can help damaged 
cells fix or repair themselves so that the cell survives.  When PARP helps cancer cells 
fix or repair themselves, it means that the cancer cell (and the tumor it is part of) can continue to grow and spread.   
Talazoparib is a “PARP  inhibitor ,” which means it is a drug that can help stop the 
normal activity of PARP.  At the time of this study, talazoparib was an “investigational drug”.  An investigational drug means that the treatment has not been 
approved by the US Food and Drug Administration (FDA) , the European Medicines 
Agency (EMA), or other regulatory agencies.  This study was carried out to see if talazoparib c ould help reduce tumor size and slow growth in people  with advanced 
breast cancer who have inherited mutations in the BRCA 1 or BRCA 2 genes  from a 
parent.   
On 16  October 2018, talazoparib received approval from the FDA for use in some 
people with breast cancer.  While this study was taking place, the sponsor decided it 
was b etter to recruit patients into a Phase 3 study that compared talazoparib with 
usual treatment for breast cancer rather than enroll patients into this study.  This 
study was stopped early on 31  October 2018 , and the sponsor transferred patients 
who were sti ll being treated with talazoparib into another study.   
   
 3 WHAT HAPPENED DURING THE STUDY?  
All patients in this study received talazoparib .  The researchers wanted to find out if a 
patient’s previous breast cancer treatment could change the way talazoparib was able 
to treat the tumor.  Some patients with cancer are given chemotherapy with drugs 
containing platinum while others are given chemotherapy with drugs that do not 
contain platinum.  This study included 2 different groups of patients previously 
treate d for breast cancer as shown in the table below.  The patients in both of these 
groups ha d breast cancer that wa s advanced and difficult to treat.  
Description of Treatment Groups  
Group  Previous Treatment for Breast Cancer  Number of 
Patients Treateda 
1 Prior c hemotherapy with drug s containing platinum 
(platinum -based therapy)  like cisplatin  or carboplatin.   
Patients initially responded to treatment , and while 
the cancer came back, this occurred more than 
8 weeks  after last dose of platinum -therapy  48b 
2 Prior chemotherapy with 3 or more  courses of 
treatment with drugs like docetaxel, paclitaxel, 
doxorubicin, capecitabine, vinorelbine, or eribulin that 
are not based on a platinum drug .   
Note:  Use of a platinum -based therapy before or 
after surgery was allowed providing the cancer did not 
return within 6  months of the last platinum dose  35 
a 84 patients originally joined this study, but 1 patient left before receiving treatment and only 
83 patients were treated with talazoparib  
b This group originally contained 49 patients as it included the patient who left the study before 
receiving talazoparib .  
 
The study included patients who : 
• Were 18  years or older 
• Had breast cancer that was advanced and not suitable for radiotherapy or surgery 
or had “metastatic disease”, which is when the cancer has spread to other parts of 
the body  
• Inherited the BRCA 1 or BRCA 2 gene mutation    
 4  
 
Patients joined the study at 1 of 34 sites in the U nited States (US), United Kingdom  
(UK) , France, Germany , and Spain.  The study began on 13 December 2013 when the 
first patient had their first visit.  All patients were aged between 31 years and 75 years,  
and nearly all were women.  There were 2 men treated in the study, with 1 in each 
group.  There were originally 84 patients who joined the study, but 1 patient left 
before receiving treatment with talazoparib. A total of 83 patients were treated  with 
talazoparib in this study  until their doctor determined their cancer was getting worse, 
the side effects were too severe, the patient decided they wanted to leave the study, or 
the study was closed by the Sponsor .  The main reason patients treated with 
talazoparib left the study was because they passed away (81%, or 67 out of the 
83 treated  patients) .  
 
 5 As of 01 September 2016  (the data c utoff date for the full report), 10 patients from 
the group previously treated with platinum -based treatment  (21%, or 10 out of the 
48 treated patients) and 16 patients from the group previously treated with 3  or more 
chemotherapy courses with non- platinum  drugs (46%, or 16 out of the 35  treated 
patients) were still in the study but were “off -treatment” and not taking  talazoparib.  
In addition, 5 patients f rom the group previously treated with platinum -based 
treatment (10%, or 5 out of 48  treated  patients) and 4 patients from the group 
previously treated with 3  or more chemotherapy courses with non- platinum drugs  
(11%, or 4 out of 35  treated patients) were “on -treatment” and taking  talazoparib.  
These on -treatment patients were followed until 31 October 2018 , when the study 
was closed early by the Sponsor .  At the time the study ended, 2 o ut of these 
9 patients were continuing to receive talazoparib  treatment .  As these 2  patients were 
benefitting from talazoparib,  the Sponsor transferred them into another study so they 
could continue this treatment .   
Data collected up to 01  September  2017 were reviewed by the Sponsor and used to 
write a report.  This is a summary of the information included in the report on how  
talazoparib was able to treat br east cancer.  Data collected up until 31  October  2018 , 
when the  Sponsor closed the study , were analyzed in a s upplementary safety report.  
The main findings of the safety report are  summarized in this document.  
WHAT WERE THE RESULTS OF THE STUDY?  
Did taking talazoparib help tumors disappear or shrink?   
Researcher s looked at the “objective response rate,” which is whether tumors 
disappeared (eg, “complete response”) or shrunk ( eg, “partial response”) after taking  
talazoparib .  Overall, 23 patients had a tumor that disappear ed or shr unk (28%, or 
23 out of the 83 treated patients) .  This included patients from the group previously 
treated with platinum -based treatment  (21% , or 10 out of the 48 treated patients ) and 
also from the group previously treated w ith 3 or more chemotherap y courses with 
non-platinum  drugs  (37% , or 13  out of  the 35 treated patients ).   
  
 6  
Did taking talazoparib help tumors disappear, shrink or stay the 
same for 24 weeks?  
Researcher looked at whether tumors disappeared, shrunk or stayed the same ( eg, 
“stable disease”) for 24 weeks,  as this gives researchers an idea of the clinical benefit 
of talazoparib .  Overall,  29 patients had clinical benefit  from treatment at 24  weeks 
(35%, or 29 out of the 83 treated patients ).  This included  patients from the group 
previously treated with  platinum -based treatment  (27% , or 13 out of the 48 treated 
patients ) and patients from the group previously treated with  3 or more chemotherap y 
courses with non- platinum  drugs  (46% , or 16 out of the 35 treated patients) .  
 
How long did patients taking talazoparib continue to respond to this treatment?
 
Researchers measured how long it took for the tumor to come back after it had 
disappeared and the time it took for the tumor to start to grow again after it had 
shrunk .  The researchers took the results (in the number of months) and put them in 
order from the smallest to the largest.  They then looked at the middle number , or the 
“median ”, to help them answer this question .  Th ere was a median of almost 
4 mont hs for patients in the group previously treated with platinum -based 
 
 7 chemotherapy and a median of almost 6 months for patients in the group previously 
treated with 3 or more chemotherap y courses with non- platinum  drugs .   
 
How long did patients go without their cancer getting any worse 
after taking talazoparib?  
Researchers measured how long patients went without their cancer getting any worse 
after taking talazoparib.  Th ere was a median of 4  months f or patients in the group 
previously t reated with platinum -based treatment and a median of  6 months for 
patients in the group previously treated with 3  or more chemotherap y courses with 
non-platinum drugs .   
 
When researchers looked at the time before patients passed  away , this was a median 
of 12 months for patients in the group previously treated with platinum -based 
treatment and a median of  17 months  for patients in the group previously treated with 
3 or more chemotherapy courses with non- platinum drugs .  This included dat a 
collected up until 01  September 2016 .  As the sponsor had access to data up to 
07 April  2017 , they used this to look  again at the time before patients passed away.  
This date of 07 April 2017 is likely to give a more accurate result.  T his was a median 
of 13 months for patients in the group previously treated with platinum -based 
 
 8 treatment and a median of  15 months for patients in the group previously treated with 
3 or more chemotherapy courses with non- platinum drugs.  
 
Based on these results, the researchers thought talazoparib m ay be 1 of the options  
available to doctors who are trea ting patients with breast cancer who have the BRCA 1 
or BRCA 2 mutation.  This includes patients previously treated with platinum -based 
treatment  as well as patients previously treated with 3 or more chemotherapy courses 
with non- platinum drugs.  This does not mean that everyone in this study had these 
results .  Other studies may produce  different results as well .  These are just some of 
the main f indings of the study, and more information may be available at the websites 
listed at the end of this summary.   
WHAT MEDICAL PROBLEMS DID PATIENTS  
HAVE DURING THE STUDY?  
The researchers recorded any medical problems the patients  had during the study.  
Patients  could have had medical problems for reasons not related to the study (for 
example, caused by an underlying disease or by chance).  Or, medical problems could 
also have been caused by a study treatment, or by another medicine  the patient was 
taking.   Sometimes the cause of a medical problem is unknown.  By comparing 
medical problems across many treatment groups in many studies, doctors try to 
understand what the side effects of an investigationa l drug might be.  
  
 
 9 A total of 81  out of the 83 treated patients in this study had at least 1 “non -serious” 
medical problem .  A “s erious ” medical problem is a medical problem that is  life 
threatening, needs hospital care, or cause lasting problems.   Overall,  5 patients left the 
study because of medical problems (6%, or 5 out of the 83 treated patients).  This 
included  4 patients from the group previously treated with platinum -based treatment  
(8%, 4 out of the 48  treated patients) and 1 patient from the group previously treated 
with 3 or more chemotherapy courses with non- platinum drugs  (3%, 1 out of the 
35 treated patients) .  The  most common medical problems experienced by patients in 
this study are listed in the following table , and these were most  often in the digestive 
system (stomach and intestines), were gen eral like tiredness, or were seen i n blood test  
result s.  Medical problems were also seen in other areas of the body and affected the 
heart , eyes, brain , or blood system.  W hile overall more than 1 in 10 patients had some 
type of problem that  affect ed these areas of the body,  none of the individual medical 
problems in these areas were seen in more than 1 in 10 patients.   
Most Common Medical Problems   
(Reported by a t Least 10% of  Patients  in Either  Group ) 
Medical Problem  Prior Platinum -based 
Chemotherapy  
(48 Patients Treated ) Previously Treated 
with 3  or More 
Chemotherap y 
Course s with 
Non -platinum  Drugs  
(35 Patients Treated)  
Feeling tired  29 (60%) 8 (23%) 
Low red blood cell count 
(anemia ) 24 (50%)  19 (54%)  
Upset stomach or f eeling sick  20 (42%)  15 (43%)  
Diarrhea  or loose stools  18 (38%)  10 (29%)  
Low platelets ( or small bits of 
cells in the  blood)  18 (38%)  9 (26%)  
Low numbers of neutrophils  
(a type of white blood cell)  10 (21%)  12 (34%)   
 10 Medical Problem  Prior Platinum -based 
Chemotherapy  
(48 Patients Treated)  Previously Treated 
with 3  or More 
Chemotherapy 
Courses with 
Non -platinum Drugs  
(35 Patients Treated)  
Headache  9 (19%)  11 (31%)  
Feeling weak  3 (6%)  10 (29%)  
Not feeling hungry  12 (25%)  10 (29%)  
Joint pains  8 (17%)  9 (26%)  
Being out of breath  11 (23%)  9 (26%)  
Back pain  12 (25%)  8 (23%)  
Viral c hest infection  11 (23%)  3 (9%)  
Hair loss (baldness)  11 (23%)  6 (17%) 
Vomiting or b eing sick   10 (21 %) 8 (23%)  
Stomach pain  7 (15%)  7 (20%)  
Cough  9 (19%)  7 (20%)  
Constipat ion 9 (19%)  6 (17%)  
Low numbers of leukocytes (a 
type of white blood cell)  7 (15%)  6 (17%)  
Low platelet count   
(from blood test)  7 (15%)  5 (14%)  
Low neutrophil count  
(from blood test)  5 (10%)  5 (14%)  
Muscle spasms  4 (8%)  5 (14%)  
  
 11 WERE THERE ANY SERIOUS MEDICAL 
PROBLEMS?  
A total of 69 patients ( 83%, or 69 out of the 83 treated patients ) passed away while in 
this study,  and almost all of these deaths were due to the cancer coming back or  
getting worse.  Other serious medical problems were seen in 16 patients in the group 
previously treated with prior platinum -based treatment (33%, or 16 out of the 
48 treated patients) and 7 patients in the group previously treated with 3  or more 
chemotherapy courses with non- platinum drugs  (20%, or 7 out of the 35 treated 
patients) .  These serious medical problems mainly affected the blood (eg, low levels of 
red blood cells or “platelets” or small bits of cells), the lungs or were because of the cancer.   
 
WHERE CAN I LEARN MORE ABOUT THIS STUDY?  
If you have questions about the results of yo ur study, please speak with the doctor or 
staff at your study site.  
The full scientific report of this study is available online at:  
www.clinicaltrials.gov  Use the study identifier:  NCT 02034916  
www.clinicaltrialsregister.eu  Use the EudraCT number:  2013 -003076 -12 
 
Please remember that researchers look at the results of many studies to fi nd out which 
medicines can work and are safe for patients.  
Again, thank you  for volunteering.  
We do research to try to find the  
best ways to help patients, and you 
helped us to do that ! 