CLINICAL TRIAL RESULTS
This summary reports the results of only one study.  Researchers must look at the 
results of many types of studies to understand if a study medicine works, how it 
works, and if it is safe to prescribe to patients.  The results of this study might be 
different than the results of other studies that the researchers review.
Sponsor:    
Medicine Studied:
Protocol Number:
Dates of Trial: 
Title of this Trial:
Date of this Report:
–Thank You 
Hospira Inc, a Pfizer company
participati onin this clinical trial and provide
everyone who participated. 
please contact the doctor or staff at your study site.
CLINICAL TRIAL RESULTS
This summary reports the results of only one study.  Researchers must look at the 
results of many types of studies to understand if a study medicine works, how it 
works, and if it is safe to prescribe to patients.  The results of this study might be 
different than the results of other studies that the researchers review.
Hospira Inc, a Pfizer company
Retacrit®(epoetin alfa-epbx )
ZIN-EPO -1503
13July2015 to 16July2016
The PIEDA Study: A Phase 3b Investigation of 
Erythropoietin Drugs Using A Specified Dosing Algorithm: 
A Randomized Open Label Dosing Study in Adult Chronic 
Kidney Disease Subjects on Hemodialysis
17August 2018
Thank You –
company , the Sponsor ,would like to thank you for
in this clinical trial and provide you a summary of results representing 
everyone who participated. If you have any questions about the study or results
please contact the doctor or staff at your study site.
1CLINICAL TRIAL RESULTS
This summary reports the results of only one study.  Researchers must look at the 
results of many types of studies to understand if a study medicine works, how it 
works, and if it is safe to prescribe to patients.  The results of this study might be 
different than the results of other studies that the researchers review.
The PIEDA Study: A Phase 3b Investigation of 
Erythropoietin Drugs Using A Specified Dosing Algorithm: 
A Randomized Open Label Dosing Study in Adult Chronic 
would like to thank you for your
you a summary of results representing 
If you have any questions about the study or results ,
090177e18f333f93\Approved\Approved On: 28-Aug-2018 05:41 (GMT)
2WHY WAS THIS STUDY DONE?
Anemia is a condition when a person has a low amount o f red blood cells in their 
body .Anemia is common in patients with chronic kidney disease because their 
bodies may not make enough erythropoietin , a horm one that is needed to make red 
blood cells. Patients who have anemia can feel weak or very tired, have trouble 
breathing, or have headaches.
There are a variety of ways to treat anemia.  One (1) medicine that is used is called 
Epogen® (epoetin alfa).  Epogen may help the body make red blood cells.
Retacrit® ( epoetin alfa-epbx )is a new medicine for a nemia.  Retacrit was made to be 
similar to Epogen.  The reason for making a drug that is similar to Epogen is to help 
give patients access to a comparable but less expensive medicine.  At the time of this 
study, Retacrit was still being tested and was not yet approved for use.  Retacrit is now 
approved for use in Europe and the United States. 
The purpose of this st udy was to learn more about switching from Epogen to Retacrit
forpatients with anemia and chronic kidney disease.  
Patients who take medicines like Epogen or Retacrit must have blood tests regularly.  
These tests measure the amount of a protein in the blood called “hemoglobin”, which
tellsdoctors how well the medicine is working. Hemoglobin contains iron and helps 
tocarry oxygen from the lungs to the body.
Usually, doctors look for a hemoglobin “target range” of 9 to 11 g/dL.  Patients with 
hemoglobin levels below this range often have anemia symptoms.  
For this study, r esearchers wanted to know:
Over the last 8 wee ks of the study, what proportion of time were hemoglobin 
levels in the target range, for patients who took Retacrit compared to those who 
took Epogen ?
090177e18f333f93\Approved\Approved On: 28-Aug-2018 05:41 (GMT)
3WHAT HAPPENED DURING THE STUDY?
This study compare d 2 g roups of patients to learn more about switching from 
Epogen to Retacrit .  
All patients in this study were adults with anemia and chronic kidney disease who 
were receiving a treatment called dialysis.  Dialysis is used to remove extra water and 
waste from the body when the kid neys don’t work well.  At the time the study started, 
all patients were also receiving Epogen.   
The first group of patients continued receiving Epogen throughout the study.  There 
were 206patients in this group.  The second group of patients stopped taki ng Epogen 
and took Retacrit throughout the study.   There were 212 patients in this group.
Both Epogen and Retacrit were given as an injection.  Study doctors used a standard 
formula to determine the appropriate dose of Epogen or Retacrit for each patient.
Patients were picked for each treatment by chance alone. This is known as a 
“randomized” study.  Randomized studies are done to make the treatment groups 
more similar for thi ngs like age and the number of men and women .  Reducing 
differences between the groups makes comparing the groups more fair. Both the 
researchers and the patients knew who was receiving which study treatment.
Each p atient in th isstudy was supposed to be treated for about 24weeks .However, 
it took about 1 year for all the patients to complete the study. Patients join ed the 
study at 46 locations in the United States and Puerto Rico.  It began 13July2015 and 
ended 16July2016.  A total of 234 men and 184 women participated.  Patients were 
between 21 and 94 years old.
Patients were supposed to come to the study center 9times for visits .Of the
418patients who joined the study and received study treatment, 314 patients finished 
the study. 104patients did not finish the study by their own choice ,because they had 
a medical problem, or because a doctor decided it was best for a patient to stop the 
study.
The figure on the following page shows what happened during the study.
090177e18f333f93\Approved\Approved On: 28-Aug-2018 05:41 (GMT)
4When the study ended in July 2016 , the Sponsor began reviewing the informa tion 
collected.  The Sponsor then created a report of the results.  This is a summary of that 
report.
WHAT WERE THE RESULTS OF THE STUDY?
Over the last 8 weeks of the study, what proportion of time 
were hemoglobin levels in the target range, for patients who 
took Retacrit compared to those who took Epogen?
To answer this question, researchers looked at patients’ hemoglobin levels over the 
last 8 weeks of the study.  They looked for a target range of 9 to 11 g/dL .  
The proportion of time that patients’ 
hemoglobin levels were in the target 
range was 62% in the Retacrit group.  
The proportion of time that patients’ 
hemoglobin levels were in the target 
range was 63% for the Epogen group.  
Based on these results, the res earchers 
concluded that Retacrit was not less 
effective than Epogen.
The graph on thispage shows the 
results of the study.
090177e18f333f93\Approved\Approved On: 28-Aug-2018 05:41 (GMT)
5This does not mean that everyone in this study had these results.  Other studies may 
produce different results, as well.  These are just some of the main findings of the 
study, and more information may be available at the website listed at the end of this 
summary .
WHAT MEDICAL PROBLEMS DID PATIENTS
HAVE DURING THE STUDY ?
The researchers recorded any medical problems the participants had during the study. 
Participants could have had medical problems for reasons not related to the study (for 
example, caused by an underlying disease or by chance). Or, medical problems could 
have been caused by a study treatment , or by a nother medicine the participant was 
taking. Sometimes the cause of a medical problem is unknown. By comparing 
medical problems across many treatment groups in many studies, doctors try to 
understand what the side effects of an experimental drug might be.
A total of 31 out of 418 patients (7%) in this study had at least 1 of the most common 
non-serious medical problem s(that means a medical problem that is not life -
threatening, does not cause lasting problems, or needs hospital care) .A total of 
22patients (5%) left the study because of medical problems . The most common non-
serious medical problems reported by participants in this study are listed below.   
Most Common Non -Serious Medical Problems
(Reported by at Least 5% of Patients )
Medical ProblemRetacrit
(212 Patients )Epogen
(206 Patients )
Nausea 3(1%) 13(6%)
Trouble breathing 7(3%) 11(5%)
090177e18f333f93\Approved\Approved On: 28-Aug-2018 05:41 (GMT)
6WERE THERE ANY SERIOUS MEDICAL 
PROBLEMS ?
A medical problem is considered “serious” when it is life -threatening, causes lasting 
problems, or needs hospital care.   
A total of 130 out of 4 18patients (31%)had serious medical problem s.  There were 
66 patients in the Retacrit group and 64 patients in the Epogen group who had
serious medical pro blem s.  The table below shows the most common serious medical 
problems that happened during the study.
Most Common Serious Medical Problems
(Reported by at Least 2% of Patients )
Medical ProblemRetacrit
(212 Patients )Epogen
(206 Patients )
Heart stopped beating 2(1%) 6(3%)
Lung infection 7(3%) 1(1)
Too much fluid in the 
body4 (2%) 3 (2%)
Worsening of a medical 
problem4 (2%) 3 (2%)
High level of potassium 
in the blood 5 (2%) 1 (1%)
There were 12 out of 212 patients (6%) in the Retacrit group who passed away during 
the study.  There were 12 out of 206 patients (6%) in the Epogen group who passed 
away during the study.  
No unexpected medical problems were seen in this study.  Medical problems were 
similar between those patients who took Retacrit and those who took Epogen.
090177e18f333f93\Approved\Approved On: 28-Aug-2018 05:41 (GMT)
7WHERE CAN I LEARN MORE ABOUT THIS
STUDY ?
If you have questions about the results of this study, please speak with the doctor or 
staff at your study site.
For more details on your study protocol, please visit:
www.clinicaltrials.gov Use the study identifier NCT 02504294
Please remember that researchers look at the results of many studies to find out which 
treatments work best and are safest for patients.
Again, thank  you for volunteering.
We do research to try to find the 
best ways to help patients, and you 
helped us to do that !
090177e18f333f93\Approved\Approved On: 28-Aug-2018 05:41 (GMT)
