 
Clinical Study Results  
 
This summary reports the results of only one study.  Researchers must look at the 
results of many types of studies to understand if a study medication works, how it 
works, and if it is safe to prescribe to study participants.  The results of this study 
might be different than the results of other studies tha t the researchers review.  
 
Sponsor:     Pfizer, Inc.  
Medicine(s) Studied:  Crisaborole (PF -06930164)  
Protocol Number:  C3291037  
Dates of Study:  14 May 2018 to 11 December 2020  
Title of this Study:  Study Comparing Use of Crisaborole Ointment with 
Vehicle Ointment  (No Crisaborole), Corticosteroid 
Cream, and Calcineurin Inhibitor Cream in Children 
and Adults with Mild to Moderate Atopic Dermatitis 
[A Phase 3b/4, Multicenter, Randomized, Assessor 
Blinded, Vehicle and Active (Topical Corticosteroid and Calcineurin Inhibitor) Controlled, Parallel Group Study of the Efficacy, Safety, and Local Tolerability of 
Crisaborole Ointment, 2% in Pediatric  and Adu lt 
Subjects (Ages 2 Years and Older) With Mild to 
Moderate Atopic Dermatitis]  
Date(s) of this Report:  25 May 2021  
– Thank You  – 
If you or your child participated in this study, Pfizer, the Sponsor, would like to thank 
you or your child for your participation.  
This summary will describe the study results.  If you or your child have any questions 
about the study or the results, please contact the doctor or staff at your study site .  
Why was this study done?  
What is atopic dermatitis ? 
Atopic dermatitis is a common skin condition that can cause many symptoms, such as 
itching, redness, and a rash that is scaling or oozing.  The symptoms can look differ ent on different people.  Atopic dermatitis is also known as eczema.  There is no 
known cure for this condition.  People with atopic dermatitis often have this condition for many years, and may have “flare ups”, when their symptoms worsen for 
a time.  
What is crisaborole ? 
Crisaborole is a medicine that is used to treat atopic dermatitis.  It is applied to the 
skin as an ointment  twice a day.  Crisaborole may improve symptoms of atopic 
dermatitis by decreasing inflammation in the skin.  Inflammation is the body’s 
immune system response, which can lead to symptoms such as redness.  
What was the purpose of this study?  
The purpose of the study was to see if the symptoms of mild to moderate atopic 
dermatitis were reduced when crisaborole ointment was applied twice a day to the 
affected area compared to when a vehicle  ointment  was used .  The  vehicle ointment  
does not have any medicine  in it, but it looks and feels just like the crisaborol e 
ointment .  Some participants in the study were given  hydrocortisone butyrate cream  (a 
topical corticosteroid ) and other s used pimecrolimus cream (a topical calcineurin 
inhibitor ) rather than the crisaborole  ointment  or vehicle ointment .  Topical means a 
treatment that is used on the skin.  Corticosteroid  and calcineurin inhibitor cream s are 
commonly used to treat atopic  dermatitis .  The researchers also included treatment 
with these 2  creams in the study because they also wanted to see what happen ed when 
hydrocortisone butyrate cream and pimecrolimus cream were used instead of crisaborole or vehicle ointment .  
Researchers wanted to know:  
 
Did symptoms of atopic dermatitis improve in areas of skin treated 
with crisaborole, compared to areas of skin treated with vehicle 
ointment or the comparator creams ? 
 
 
What happened during the study?   
How was the study done?  
Researchers tested  crisaborole ointment  on a group of study participants to find out if 
study participants treated with crisaborole had fewer symptoms of mild to moderate 
atopic dermatitis than participants who used a vehicle ointment .  Researchers also 
wanted to see what would happen when hydrocortisone butyrate cream or 
pimecrolimus cream were used by participants instead of crisaborole ointment or 
vehicle ointment .   
Participants went to the study center  to be screened by the study doctor to make sure 
they were able to join the study.  This was known as the “screening period” and thi s 
lasted up to 35 days.  Pa rticipants then entered the treatment period, which started on 
Day 1 and lasted 28  days.  During the treatment period, participants (or their parents 
or caregivers if the participant was a child) were to apply the ointment or cream twice 
a day to an area or areas of skin affected by the atopic dermatitis.   
The study participants and researchers did not know who used the crisaborol e 
ointment  and who used the vehicle ointment .  Study participants  would have been 
able to tell if they were given an ointment instead of one of the “ comparator ” creams  
as the treatment would have felt different .  A comparator treatment is usually a 
treatment that is commonly given to participants with the disease being investigated.  
In this study, hydrocortisone butyrate cream and pimecrolimus cream were the  
comparator creams.  T he study doctors who looked at the pa rticipant’s skin to assess 
how the treatment was working did not know what treatment each participant had 
been given.  This is known as a n “assessor blinded” study.  Study participants were 
assigned to treatment with crisaborole ointment, vehicle ointment , or the comparator 
treatment by chance alone.   This was done to make sure that the study results were 
not influenced in any way.   
Each participant visited the study center on Day 1, Day 8, Day 15, Day 22, and 
Day 29 for the study doctors to assess their atopic dermatitis and their general health.  
Participants were not treated on or after Day 29 but  were to remain in the study until 
Day 60.  The participants vis ited the study center on Day 43 for the final study 
assessments.  If the par ticipant stopped treatment early, th ese final study assessments 
were done 14 days after they last used the  treatment.  Participants then received  a 
follow -up telephone call on Day 60 (or a month after their last treatment if the 
participant stopped treatment early).  This telephone call was to check for any medical 
problems.  This was considered the end of the study.  
The following figure shows what happened during this study.   
   
 
Where did this study take place?   
The Sponsor ran this study at 26  locations in 7 countries in  Europe and in the US . 
When did this study take place?  
It began  on 14 May 2018 and ended on 11 December 2020 . 
Who participated in this study?  
The study included participants who were 2 years or older and who had mild or 
moderate atopic dermatitis.  
• A total of 30 men and 66 boys participated  
• A total of 61 women and 78 girls participated  
• All participants were between the ages of 2  and 78 years.  
Participants were to be treated for 28 days .  Of the 235  participants who started the 
study, 207 completed the treatment period, and 217 finished the study.  
There were 28 participants who did not finish the treatment period because  of: 
• Medical problems (11 participants)  
• Not wanting to continue with treatment (13 participants)  
• Not thinking the treatment was working (3 participants), or  
• Other reasons (1 participant)  
There were 18 participants who left before the study was over by their choice or a 
doctor decided it was best for a participant to stop being in the study.  
How long did the study last?  
Study participants were in the study for 60 days or approximately 2 months .  The 
entire study took around 2 years and 7 months to complete.  
Pfizer stopp ed this study before the planned end due to a business decision and not 
because of any concerns about how well crisaborole  ointment worked in clinical  
studies or due to safety problems.   As not all  the planned participants were able to 
join the study because it was stopped early, the researchers did not have enough data 
for their analy ses.  This meant the researchers were not able to compare the different 
treatments  used in this study . 
When the study ended in  December 2020,  the Sponsor began reviewing the 
information collected.  The Sponsor then created a report of the results.  This is a 
summary of that report. 
What were the results of the study?  
Did symptoms of atopic dermatitis improve in areas of skin 
treated with crisaborole, compared to areas of skin treated with vehicle ointment or the comparator cream s? 
To answer this question, the researchers used a clinical tool to rate the severity of 
symptoms of atopic dermatitis.  This tool is called the Eczema Area and Severity 
Index or EASI.  The  researchers compared the severity of symptoms from before 
participants started treatment to  Day 29 .  This gave the researchers the “ mean ” 
percent change in EASI score from Baseline  to Day 29 .  The mean is sometimes 
called the average .  It is worked out by adding the percent change in EASI scores 
together for all participants in each group and then divid ing this by the number of 
participants in that group.  The mean percent change in EASI score from Baseline to 
Day 29 tells the researchers h ow the participant’s atopic dermatitis had changed after 
28 days of treatment  in this study . 
Improvements in the skin affect ed by atopic dermatitis were shown by a  decrease in 
the percent change from baseline in total EASI score at Day 29 .  After 28 days of 
treatment, th e mean percent change in total EASI score with crisaborole ointment 
was down 52% and the mean percent change in total EASI score with vehicle 
ointment  was down 33%.    
There were not enough participants in this study for the researchers to be able to say 
if these findings were due to chance or if there was a difference between the 
treatments . 
  
 
 
 
What medical problems did participants have during 
the study?  
The researchers recorded any medical problems the participants had during the study.  
Participants could have had medical problems for reasons not related to the study (for example, caused by an underlying disease or by chance).  Or, medical problems could  
also have been caused by a study treatment or by another medicine the participant was taking.  Sometimes the cause of a medical problem is unknown.  By comparing 
medical problems across many treatment groups in many studies, doctors try to understand what  effects a study medication might have on a participant.    
A total of 79 out of 235 ( 34%) participants in this study had at least 1 medical 
problem.   There were  3 participants who were treated with crisaborole ointment  that 
left the study because of medical problems.  There were 6 participants stopped using 
the vehicle ointment  and 2 participants who stopped using the pimecrolimus cream 
because of medical problems but these participants continued in the study .  The most Did crisaborole improve the symptoms of atopic dermatitis 
compared to vehicle ointment  or one of the comparator creams?  
On average, participants who used crisaborole had a mean  percent change from 
baseline in total EASI score at Day 29 of 52 % compared to 33 % in participants who 
used the vehicle ointment .  In comparison, participants who used the hydrocortisone 
butyrate cream had a mea n percent change from baseline in total EASI s core of 
73% and participants who used the pimecrolimus cream had a  mean percent change 
from baseline in tota l EASI score of 61 %.   
Due to the low number of participants in t he study, the researchers were not able to 
say if the results are likely the result of chance.   
This does not mean that everyone in this study had these results.  These are just some 
of the main findings of this study.  Other studies may have different results.   
common medical problems—those r eported by 5% or more participants —are 
described below.  
As this study was stopped early, t here were not enough participants enrolled in the 
study to allow the researchers to be able to  compare the safety of the treatments  used 
in this st udy.  Overall, the treatments administered in this study were safe and 
well-tolerated by the study participants.   No new medical problems were identified .   
       Below are instructions on how to read Table 1.  
Instructions for Understanding Table 1.  
• The 1st column of Table 1 lists medical problems that were commonly 
reported during the study.  All medical problems reported by 5% or 
more participants are listed.  
• The 2nd column tells how many of the 59 participan ts using vehicle 
ointment  reported each medical problem.  Next to this number is the 
percentage of the 59 participants using vehicle ointment  who reported 
the medical problem.  
• The 3rd column tells how many of the 58 participants using 
crisaborole ointment reported each medical problem.  Next to this number is the percentage of the 58 participants using crisaborole ointment who reported the medical problem.  
• The 4th column tells how many of the 71 participants using 
hydrocortisone butyrate cream reported each medical problem.  Next to this number is the percentage of the 71 participants using hydrocortisone butyrate cream who reported the medical problem . 
• The 5th column tells how many of the 47 participants using 
pimecrolimus cream reported each medical problem.  Next to this number is the percentage of the 47 participants using pimecrolimus 
cream who reported the medical problem . 
• Using these instructions, you can see  that 8 out of the 
58 (14%)  participants using crisaborole ointment reported pain where 
the treatment was appli ed.  A total of 1  out of the 59 (2%) participants 
using vehicle ointment  reported pain where the treatment was appli ed 
compared to no participant s using hydrocortisone butyrate and 
2 (4%) participants using pimecrolimus cream.   
Table 1. Commonly reported medical problems by study participants  
Medical Problem  Vehicle 
Ointment 
(59 
Participants)  Crisaborole 
Ointment 
(58 
Participants)  Hydro - 
Cortisone 
Butyrate 
Cream  
(71 
Participants)  Pimecrolimus 
Cream  
(47 
Participants)  
Any medical 
problem  18 out of  
59 participants 
(31%)  25 out of  
58 participants 
(43%)  12 out of  
71 participants 
(17%)  24 out of  
47 participants 
(51%)  
Pain where the 
treatment was 
applied  1 out of  
59 participants 
(2%) 8 out of  
58 participants 
(14%)  0 out of  
71 participants  2 out of  
47 participants 
(4%) 
Common cold 
(nasopharyngitis)  2 out of  
59 participants 
(3%) 3 out of  
58 participants 
(5%) 0 out of  
71 participants  3 out of  
47 participants 
(6%) 
Runny, stuffy 
and/or blocked 
nose (rhinitis)  0 out of  
59 participants  2 out of  
58 participants 
(3%) 1 out of  
71 participants 
(1%) 3 out of  
47 participants 
(6%) 
Headache  1 out of  
59 participants 
(2%) 3 out of  
58 participants 
(5%) 2 out of  
71 participants 
(3%) 2 out of  
47 participants 
(4%) 
Atopic dermatitis  7 out of  
59 participants 
(12%)  4 out of  
58 participants 
(7%) 2 out of  
71 participants 
(3%) 7 out of  
47 participants 
(15%)  
Eczema  0 out of  
59 participants  3 out of  
58 participants 
(5%) 0 out of  
71 participants  1 out of  
47 participants 
(2%)  
Did study participants have any serious medical 
problems?  
A medical problem is considered “serious” when it is life -threatening, needs hospital 
care, or causes lasting problems.  
No participants had serious medical problems  during this study.  No participants died 
during this study.   
Where can I learn more about this study?  
If you or  your child have questions about the results of  the study, please speak with 
the doctor or staff at you  or your child ’s study site.  
For more details on your study protocol, please visit:  
The full scientific report of this study is available online at:  
 
www.clinicaltrials.gov  Use the study identifier NCT03539601  
www.clinicaltrialsregister.eu  Use the study identifier 2018-001043 -31 
www.pfizer.com/research/research_cli
nical_trials/trial_results  Use the protocol number C3291037  
 
Please remember that researchers look at the results of many studies to find out which 
medicines can work and are safe for study participants.  
Again, if you or your child  participated in 
this study, thank you  for volunteering.  
We do research to try to find the  
best ways to help study participants, and you 
helped us to do that ! 