Clinical Study Results
This summary reports the results of only one study.  Researchers must look at the 
results of many types of studies to understand if a study medication works, how it 
works, and if it is safe to prescribe to study participants.  The results of this study 
might be different than the results of other studies that the researchers review .
Sponsor:    Pfizer Inc.
Medicine(s) Studied: Danuglipron (PF -06882961)
Protocol Number: C3421007
Dates of Study: 15December 2020 to 13May 2021
Title of this Study: Study to Compare How Two Different Doses of 
Danuglipron Affect the Level of Rosuvastatin and 
Midazolam in the Blood of Adult Participants With 
Obes ity
[A Phase 1, Open ‑Label, Fixed Sequence Study to 
Evaluate the Effect of Two Steady State Dose Levels 
of PF ‑06882961 on the Pharmacokinetics of Single 
Oral Doses of Rosuvastatin and Midazolam in 
Otherwise Healthy Adult Participants With Obesity ]
Date(s) of thi s Report: 10 Jul y2022
–Thank You –
If you participated in this study, Pfizer, the Sponsor, would like to thank you for your 
participation. 
This summary will describe the study results. If you have any questions about the 
study or the results, please contact the doctor or staff at your study site.Why was this study done?
What is type 2 diabetes mellitus ?
Type 2 diabetes mellitus (T2DM) is a common form of diabetes .  Aperson with 
T2DM either does not make enough i nsulin or their body cannot use the insulin it 
makes properly.  Insulin is a hormone or chemical messenger that control sthe 
amount of sugar in the blood after eating .  Every person needs some sugar in the 
blood as their body uses this sugar for energy.  If a person has T2DM, t here is too 
much sugar in the irblood and this can cause lots of different health problems ,
including stroke ,and may even lead to death .  Some people with T2DM can control 
the amount of sugar in their blood with diet but others will need medicine to help 
them do this .Obesity can increase the risk of developing T2DM.  
What is danuglipron ?
Danuglipron ,also known by the name PF -06882961 ,is a new type of glucagon -like 
peptide -1 (GLP -1) receptor agonist that is being developed .  Some GLP -1 receptor 
agonists have been licensed for use in people with T2DM, and these are given by 
injection.  Danuglipron is a tablet that is taken twice a day.  
GLP -1 is a hormo ne produced by the body that increases the amount of insulin that is 
produced after a meal. The word agonist means the medicine needs to bind to 
something in the body to have an effect , which in this case is to mimic or copy 
GLP -1.  GLP -1 receptor agonists cause the body to release more insulin , which may 
help control the amount of sugar in the bloo d in T2D M.GLP -1 receptor agonists
also help toincrease satiety , which means theperson feel sfuller after eating and may 
not eat as much at meals .  
What was the purpose of this study?
The purpose of this study was to compare levels of rosuvastatin in the blood when 
2different doses of danuglipron were taken or when danuglipron was not taken with 
the rosuvastatin .  Rosuvastatin is a medicine used to reduce cholesterol in the blood.   The researchers also wanted to compare levels of midazolam in the blood when 
2different doses of danuglipron were taken or when danuglipron was not taken with 
the midazolam .  Midazolam is a medicine used to help w ith anxiety .  
The medicines taken in a study are often called study treatment.  The participants in 
this study were healthy adults and took danuglipron, rosuvastatin, an dmidazolam .
This is an early study that will help researchers plan future studies.  This study did not 
test if danuglipron helps to improve control of blood sugar in T2DM .
Researchers wanted to know:
How did the amount of rosuvastatin and midazolam in the 
blood change when taken with 2 different doses of 
danuglipron ?
What medical problems did participants have during the 
study?
What happened during the study?
How was the study done?
Researchers tested 2 different doses of danuglipron on a group of adult participants 
with obesity,but who were otherwise healthy ,to learn how the amount of 
rosuvastatin and midazolam in the blood w aschanged when taken with danuglipron .  
Participants were to stay at the study center for study periods 1 to 8 and were to take
rosuva statin (one 10 mg dose), midazolam (one 2 mg dose) and danuglipron (at 
different doses) as follows :
Period 1 (5 days): one dose of 10 mg rosuvastatin onlyPeriod 2 (2 days): one dose of 2 mg midazolam only on the first day
Period 3 (28 to 29 days): gradual dosing of danuglipron up to 120 mg twice daily
Period 4 ( 4 days): danuglipron 120 mg twice daily and one dose of 10 mg 
rosuvastatin on the first day
Period 5 ( 1 day):  danuglipron 120 mg twice daily and one dose of 2 mg midazolam
Period 6 (16 days):  gradual dosing of danuglipron up to 200 mg twice daily
Period 7 (4 days):  200 mg danuglipron twice daily and one dose of 10 mg 
rosuvastatin on the first day
Period 8 (2 days):  200 mg danuglipron twice daily and one dose of 2 mg 
midazolam on the first day
Researchers took samples of blood from participants during the study. Researchers 
also checked the participants’ health during the study and asked them how they were 
feeling. 
At the end of Period 8, participants had to ret urn to the study center 7 to 10 days after 
their last dose of study medication for health checks.  They then received a telephone 
call 28 to 35 days after their last dose of study medication to check on their health.
The study design is shown in the following figure .
Researchers compared the levels of rosuvastatin and midazolam in the blood of 
participants who had taken these medicines along with 2 different doses of 
danuglipron . 
The participants and researchers knew who took each type of medicine .This is 
known as an“open -label” study.  
Where did this study take place?
The Sponsor ran this study at a single location in the United States .
When did this study take place?
It began 15December 2020 and ended 13May 2021.
Who participated in this study?
Thisstudy included adult participants with obesity, but who were otherwise healthy. 
A total of 8men participated
A total of 8women participated
All participants were between the ages of 30and63years
Of the 16participants who started the stud y, 13participants finished the study.
Three (3) participants stopped taking the study treatment by their choice or a doctor 
decided it was best for a participant to stop treatment .  Two (2) of these participants 
stopped treatmen t, either permanently due to a fall or temporarily because of retching
or dry heaving , and 1participant stopped t reatment because of other reasons.
How long did the study last?
Study participants were in the study for about 17 weeks.  The entire study took 
around 5 months to comp lete.When the study ended in May 2021 , the Sponsor began reviewing the information 
collected.  The Sponsor then created a report of the results.  This is a summary of that 
report.
What were the results of the study?
How did the amount of rosuvastatin and midazolam in the blood 
change when taken with 2 different doses of danuglipro n?
What was the amount of rosuvastatin in the blood before and after 
participants took 120 mg or 200 mg danugli pron ?
The total amount of rosuvastatin in the blood from when rosuvastatin was 
taken to the time when the lowest amount was detected in the blood was 
35nanogram hours per milliliter, also called ng•hr/mL.  The ng•hr/mL is a 
unit used to measure total amount of drug over time in the blood.  When 
rosuvastatin was taken while the participant was taking 120 mg danuglipron, 
this was increased to 72 ng•hr/mL ,and when the participant was ta king 
200mg danuglipron, this was further increased to 101 ng•hr/mL (see figure 
below) .
What was the amount of midazolam in the blood before and after 
participants took 120 mg or 200 mg danuglipron?
The total amount of midazolam in the blood from when midazolam was 
taken to the time when the lowest amount was detected in the blood was 
39ng•hr/mL.  When midazolam was taken while the participant was taking 
120mg danuglipron, this was decreased to 20 ng•hr/mL, and when the 
participant was taking 200 mg danuglipron, this was still 20 ng•hr/mL (see 
figure below ).
Based on these results, the researchers have determined that the results are not 
likely the result of chance.  Rosuvastatin and midazolam may act differently in the 
body when taken alongside dan uglipron .
This does not mean that everyone in this study had these results.  This is a summary 
of just some of the main results of this study.  Other studies may have different 
results.
What medical problems did participants have during 
the study?
The researchers recorded any medical problems the participants had during the study.  
Participants could have had medical problems for reasons not related to the study (for 
example, caused by an unknown underlying disease or by chance). Or, medical 
problems could also have been caused by a study treatment or by another medicine 
the participant was taking. Somet imes the cause of a medical problem is unknown. 
By comparing medical problems across many treatment groups in many studies, 
doctors try to understand what effects a study medication might have on a participant.
Fifteen (15) o ut of 16 (94%) participants in this study had at least 1 medical problem.   
There was 1 (6%) participant who stopped taking 120 mg danuglipron after a fall and 
the researchers did not think this fallwas related to study medication. There was 
1(6%) participant who temp orarily stopped taking 200 mg danuglipron because of 
retching or dry heaving .The researchers thought the retching or dry heaving was
related to the study medication .  There was 1 participant who left the study for other 
reasons.  In total, there were 13(81%) participants who completed the study .  The 
most common medical problems –those reported by 2or more participants at any 
point during the study –are described below.
Below are instructions on how to read Table 1. 
Instructions for Understanding Table 1. 
The 1stcolumn of Table 1 lists medical problems that were commonly reported 
at any point during the study.  All medical problems reported by 2 or more 
participants are listed.
The 2ndcolumn tells how many of the 16 participants in the study reported 
each medical problem.  Next to this number is the percentage of the 
16participants in the study who reported the medical problem at any point 
during the study . Using these instructions, you can see that 13out of the 
16(81%) participants in the study had nausea.Table 1. Commonly reported medical problems by study 
participants during the study 
Medical Problem Overall 
(16 Treated Participants) 
Nausea 13out of 16participants ( 81%)
Constipation 12out of 16participants ( 75%)
Laboratory test showing kidneys not 
cleaning blood as fast as normal11 out of 16 participants (69%)
Headache 7 out of 16 participants (44%)
Indigestion 6 out of 16 participants (38%)
Vomiting 6 out of 16 participants (38%)
Feeling full sooner than normal or after 
eating less than usual5 out of 16 participants (31%)
Abdominal pain 4out of 16participants ( 25%)
Abdominal swelling 3 out of 16 participants (1 9%)
Dizziness 3 out of 16participants ( 19%)
Feeling tired 3 out of 16 participants (19%)
Low blood sugar 3 out of 16 participants (19%)
Sleepiness 2 out of 16 participants (13%)
Decreased appetite 2 out of 16 participants (1 3%)Did study participants have any serious medical 
problems?
A medical problem is considered “serious” when it is life-threatening, needs hospital 
care, or causes lasting problems.
One (1) participant (6%, or 1out of 16participants) had a serious medical problem.  
This was picked up during a routine blood test taken on the day the participant took 
their last dose of study medication .  This test showed the liver function testresults to 
be higher than normal.  Liver function tests tell researchers how well the liver is 
working.  This participant’s liver function test results returned to normal when checked 
again .  The researcher thought it was possible this serious medical problem was related 
to danuglipron .  However , based on later information ,the Sponsor thought thisserious 
medical problem wasnot related to danuglipron .
No participants die d during the study.
Where can I learn more about this study?
If you have questions about the results of your study, please speak with the doctor or 
staff at your study site.
For more details on your study protocol, please visit:
www.clinicaltrials.gov Use the study identifier NCT04621227
Please remember that researchers look at the results of many studies to find out which 
medicines can work and are safe for patients .Again, if you participated in this study, 
thank you for volunteering.
We do research to try to find the 
best ways to help patients , and you helped 
us to do that !