 
 1 CLINICAL TRIAL RESULTS  
 
This summary reports the results of only one study.  Researchers must look at the 
results of many types of studies to understand if a study medicine works, how it 
works, and if it is safe to prescribe to patients.  The results of this study might be 
differ ent than the results of other studies that the researchers review.  
Sponsor:     Pfizer, Inc.  
Medicine (s) Studied:  IBRANCE® (palbociclib ; PD-0332991)  
Protocol Number:  A5481053  
Dates of Trial:  15 April  2016  to 28 May 2019  
Title of this Trial:  Study to Provide Access to  Palbociclib and Letrozole For  
Postmenopausal Women with Hormone Receptor -
Positive, HER2- Negative Breast Cancer  That has Spread 
to Other Parts of the Body [ Study of Palbociclib in 
Combination with Letrozole as Treatment of 
Postmenopausal W omen with Hormone Receptor 
Positive, HER2- Negative Advanced Breast Cancer for 
Whom Letrozole Therapy is Deemed Appropriate ]  
Date of this Report:  08 April 2020  
 
– Thank You – 
Pfizer, t he Sponsor , would like to thank you for your participation in this clinical trial 
and provide  you a summary of results representing everyone who participated.  If you 
have any questions about the study or results , please contact the doctor or staff at 
your study site.  
  
 
 2 WHY WAS THIS STUDY DONE?  
Breast cancer is one of the most common types of cancer in women  and there were 
over 2 million new cases w orld-wide in 201 8.  Lots of different types of breast cancer 
exist, so a range of  treatment options are needed.  One treatment option for a specific 
type of advanced or “metastatic” breast cancer is IBRANCE® (palbociclib) .  
Metastatic means that the cancer has spread to other areas of the body.  IBRANCE 
(palbociclib) treatment was first approved for use in 2015 .   
The researchers did this study so that they could offer patients with specific types of advanced breast cancer treatment with palbociclib  if this treatment was not 
commercially approved or if patients were not eligible for clinical trials .  This study 
ended when palbociclib became commercially available in participating countries and doctors were able to prescribe this treatment for their patients.  
WHAT HAPPENED DURING THE STUDY?  
This study provided palbociclib alongside letrozole therapy to all patients who entered 
the study as follows:  
• Palbociclib 125  mg once a day for 21  days and then nothing for 7 days every  
28-day cycle, and  
• Letrozole 2.5  mg once a day throughout the study.   
The study provided access to p albociclib for patients who were post -menopausal 
women with “hormone receptor -positive (HR-positive)” and “human epidermal 
growth factor -negative (HER2 -negative)” advanced breast cancer  and who lived in 
Argentina, Brazil, Colombia, and Mexico .  HR -positive and HER2- negative breast 
cancer means that the cancer can grow and spread if certain  “hormones” are present.  
Hormones are chemicals produced in the body that carry messages from one area to 
another.  If the chemical messenger comes into contact with the cancer cell , then 
sometimes, if the cancer  is positive for that chemical messenger, the cancer will grow 
and spread.  For patients in this study, their cancer would grow and spread if female hormones (estrogen and progesterone ) were present  in their blood .  Palbociclib is one 
option available to patients with HR-positive breast cancer.  
Most patients (90%) in this study had been treated with  a systemic anti -cancer 
therapies before they joined the study and received  palbociclib.  This included 35% 
who had been given  1 previous anti -cancer therapy, 20% who had been given   
 3 2 previous anti -cancer therapies, and 35% who had been given  3 or more previous 
anti-cancer therapies.  
 
While patients  were in the study for  an average of around 11 months , the entire study 
took over 4 years to complete.  The Sponsor ran this study at sites in  Latin American 
countries (Argentina, Brazil, Colombia, and Mexico).   It began 15  April 2016 and 
ended on 28 May 2019  and 131 women participated.  All patients were between the 
ages of 28  and 83 years.  
Of the  131 patients who started the study, 130 patients received treatment with 
palbociclib and letrozole  and 1 patient left the study before being treated .  The study 
was closed by the Sponsor when palbociclib was approved by the regulatory 
authorities and doctors were able to prescribe this treatment for their patients.  Most 
patients left the  study for this reason or because their cancer had progressed . 
When the study ended in M ay 201 9, the S ponsor began reviewing the infor mation 
collected.  The S ponsor then cr eated a report of the results.  This is a summary of that 
report.   
 
 4 WHAT WERE THE RESULTS OF THE STUDY?  
Did taking palbociclib and letrozole help tumors disappear 
or shrink ? 
Researchers looked at the “objective response rate,” which is whether tumors 
disappeared (eg, “complete response”) or shrunk (eg, “partial response”) after taking 
palbociclib and letrozole.  Overall, 32  patients had a tumor that disappeared or shrunk 
(25%, or 32 out of the 129 patients who had data on tumor response ).   
Researchers also measured how long it took for the tumor to come back after it had disappeared and the time it took for the tumor to start to grow again after it had 
shrunk.  T o do this, t he researchers took the result (in the number of months) from 
each patient and put them in order from the smallest to the largest.  They then looked at the middle number, or the “median”, to help them answer this question.  Th e 
median time to when the tumor  started to come back after it had disappeared or 
started to grow again after it had shrunk was almost 11  months for patients taking 
palbociclib and letrozole.  
This does not mean that everyone in this study had these results.  Other studies may 
produce different results, as well.  These are just some of the main findings of the 
study, and more information may be available at the websites listed at the end of this 
summary.   
WHAT MEDICAL PROBLEMS DID PATIENTS 
HAVE DURING THE STUDY?  
The researchers recorded any medical problems the pa rticipant s had during the study.  
Participant s could have had medical problems for reasons not related to the study (for 
example, caused by an underlying disease or by chance).  Or, medical problems could 
also have been caused by a study treatment, or by another medicine  the participan t 
was taking.  Sometimes the cause of a medical problem is unknown.  By comparing 
medical problems acros s many treatment groups in many studies, doctors try to 
understand what the side effects of an experimental drug might be.   
 5 129 out of 130  patients (99%) in this study had at least 1 medical problem .  A total of 
8 patients (6%, or 8 out of 130 patients) lef t the study completely because of medical 
problems .  There were also 106 patients (82%, 106 out of 130 patients) who 
temporarily stopped palbociclib bec ause of medical problems and 26 patients ( 20%, 
26 out of 130 patients) who temporarily stopped letrozole .   
The most common medical problems are listed in the following table .  This included 
low numbers of neutrophils in the blood  (reported as ‘ neutropenia ’ or ‘neutrophil 
count decreased’ ), low numb ers of leukocytes in the blood , anemia where there we re 
low numbers of red blood cells in the blood , and thrombocytopenia where there we re 
low numbers of platelets in the blood .  Both neutrophils and leukocytes are a special 
kind of white blood cell  that help the body fight an infection.  R ed blood cells carry 
oxygen around the body to where it is needed .  Platelets are special cells in the blood 
that help the blood to clot after an injury.   
Blood tests are used during chemotherapy to check the levels of t he various cell types 
in blood a s these are often reduced  by treatment .  In clinical studies, low numbers of 
white or red blood cells in the blood may be reported using different terminology that 
has the same meaning.   For example, low numbers of neutrophils in the blood could 
be reported as ‘neutropenia’ or as ‘ neutrophil count decreased’ .  Low numbers  of 
white  blood cells, red blood cells,  and/or platelets in the blood are usually managed 
by reducing the dose of the chemotherapy, temporarily stopping chemotherapy, or by 
giving other treatment to help the body m ake more of these cells.   
   
 6 Most Common Medical Problems  
(Reported by 25% or M ore Patients ) 
Medical Problem  Palbociclib  
and letrozole 
(130 Patients 
Treated)  
Neutropenia - simila r to neutrophil count decreased belowa 91 (70%) 
Leukopenia or l ow numbers of leukocytes (a type of white 
blood cell)  45 (35%) 
Anemia or low numbers of red blood cells 44 (34%) 
Neutrophil count decreased - similar to neutropenia  abovea 36 (28%)  
Thrombocytopenia  or low numbers of platelets (platelets 
are needed to help blood clot after an injury)  32 (25%)  
a Neutrophils, a  type of white blood cell , could be reported as “neutropenia” or “neutrophil count decreased”  
WERE THERE ANY SERIOUS MEDICAL 
PROBLEMS?  
A medical problem  is considered “serious” when it is life- threatening, needs hospital 
care, or causes lasting problems .   
32 patients ( 25%, or 32  out of 130  patients ) had serious medical problems .  
Researchers believed that in 7 patients (5%, or 7 out of 130 patients), the serious 
medical problems were due to the patient’s cancer  coming back or getting worse .  
There were 1 2 patients (9%, or 12 of the 130 patients ) who passed away during the 
study : 5 patient s passed away during palbociclib  treatment (Day 1  up to Day 28  after 
the last dose of palbociclib ) and 7 patients passed away during the follow -up period 
and more than 28 days after  their last dose of palbociclib.  The researchers did not 
think any of the deaths were related to palbociclib but rather most w ere related to the 
patient’s breast cancer .  The researchers also thought that the medical problems seen 
in this study were similar to the medical problems seen with palbociclib in other 
studies.    
 7 WHERE CAN I LEARN MORE ABOUT THIS STUDY?  
If you have questions about the results of your study, please speak with the doctor or 
staff at your study site.  
For more details on this study protocol, please visit:  
www.clinicaltrials.gov  Use the study identifier NCT02600923  
Findings from this trial will be used to increase our understanding of how palbociclib can be used to treat patients with breast cancer.  Please remember that researchers 
look at the results of many studies to fi nd out which medicines can work  and are safe  
for patients.  
 
Again, thank you  for volunteering.  
We do research to try to find the best 
ways to help patients, and you helped us 
to do that ! 