 
 1 
CLINICAL TRIAL RESULTS  
 
Sponsor:     Pfizer, Inc.  
Medicine (s) Studied:  Bococizumab  
Protocol Number:  B1481046  
Dates of Trial:  09 June 2015 to 03 February  2016 
Title of this Trial:  A Randomized Clinical Trial of and Actual Use Study of 
Bococizumab (PF-04950615; RN316) and an Autoinjector 
(Pre-Filled Pen ) in Patients with High Cholesterol  
(SPIRE -AI) 
[A 12 Week, Phase 3, Double -Blind, Randomized, 
Placebo -Controlled, Parallel Group Study to Assess the 
Efficacy, Safety, Tolerability and Actual Use of 
Bococizumab and an Autoinjector (Pre -Filled Pen) in 
Subjects with Primary Hyperlipidemia or Mixed 
Dyslipidemia]  
Date of this Report:  01 June 2017  
 
– Thank You – 
Pfizer,
 the Sponsor, would like to thank you for your participation in this 
clinical trial and provide you a summary of results representing everyone who 
participated. If you have any questions about the study or its results please 
contact the doctor or staff at your study site. This summary of results represents 
a single trial only.  
 2 WHY WAS THIS STUDY DONE? 
Heart disease is a leading cause of death in both men and women.  One of the 
biggest risks for getting heart disease is having high “bad” cholesterol (called 
LDL, or low-density lipoprotein cholesterol).  Having high LDL cholesterol can 
lead to heart disease. 
Doctors prescribe medicines called “statins” to patients with high LDL 
cholesterol to lower the LDL cholesterol in the blood.  For some people, statins 
may not lower cholesterol enough. 
Researchers did this study to look for a new way to treat patients who are taking 
a statin and who still have LDL cholesterol above what their doctors consider 
ideal.  Bococizumab was the medicine tested in this study.  It is not a statin.  
Bococizumab is a medicine that is given as an injection under the skin 
(subcutaneous) which may help to lower LDL cholesterol. 
In most studies with bococizumab, patients had to use a pre-filled syringe to 
inject the medicine . The Sponsor developed a more automated way of giving an 
injection using a device called a pre-filled pen (autoinjector).   For this study, 
researchers wanted to test the pre-filled pen as a new way to give this medicine .   
For this study, researchers wanted to know: 
 Does bococizumab help to lower LDL cholesterol in patients who are 
taking a statin and who still have LDL cholesterol above ideal levels? 
 How well can patients (or a helper) use a pre-filled pen to inject 
bococizumab? 
WHAT HAPPENED DURING THE STUDY?  
This study was done to see if patients taking bococizumab had lower levels of 
LDL cholesterol compared to patients taking a placebo.  A placebo does not 
  
 3 have any medicine in it, but looks just like the medicine.   All groups used the 
pre-filled pen to give the medicine.  This was done to find out how well the 
patients (or a helper) could use the pre-filled pen. 
This study included adult men and women who: 
 Had high cholesterol because of:  
o A genetic (passed down from birth) reason ( called “ primary 
hyperlipidemia” ), 
o A genetic reason and/or because of lifestyle factors, like the foods 
you eat or how much you exercise ( called “ mixed dyslipidemia ”) 
 Were taking a statin medication but still had high levels of cholesterol 
Patients were put into 1 of 4 groups by chance with twice as many patients 
being given the medicine than the placebo.  This is known as a “randomized” 
study.  This is done to make the groups more similar for things like age, and the 
number of men and women.  Making the groups similar makes comparing the 
groups more fair.   
The patients and researchers did not know who received which medicine during 
the study.  This is known as a “double -blinded” study.  Researchers use 
“double -blinded” studies to make sure that the results of the study are not 
influenced in any way. 
 
Descriptions of Medicines Given in Each Group  
Group  Medicines Given  Why the Group Was Used in this Study  
1 Bococizumab 75 mg in a 
pre-filled pen  To see if the 75  mg dose of bococizumab lowered 
LDL  cholesterol , and to test how well patients 
could use the pre-filled pen  
2 Bococizumab 150  mg in a 
pre-filled pen  To see if the 150  mg dose of bococizumab 
lowered LDL cholesterol, and to test how well  
patients could use the pre -filled pen.   
 4 3 Bococizumab 75 mg placebo in  
a pre -filled pen  To see if bococizumab  75 mg worked better than 
no medicine  at all.  
4 Bococizumab 150  mg placebo 
in  a pre -filled pen  To see if bococizumab 150  mg worked better than 
no medicine at all.  
 
For 4 weeks, patients were checked (screened) to make sure they met all the 
requirements of the study.  Next, patients were put into 1 of 4 groups and were 
treated for 12 weeks.  After completing the 12 weeks of treatment, patients were 
followed by researchers for 6 weeks (follow-up phase) to see how they did after 
taking the study medicines. 
 
 
While patients were only in the study for 5 months, the entire study took 
8 months to complete because it took about 3 months for all the patients to 
enter the study .  The study took place at 28 clinical sites in the United States .  It 
began on 09 June 2015 and ended on 03 February 2016.   299 patients were 
 
 5 treated in this study .  162 were men and 137 were women.  All patients were 
between the ages of 19 and 84 years old. 
Patients were supposed to be treated for 12 weeks and then followed for about 
6 more weeks. Of the 299 patients who started the study, 289 patients finished 
the study.  10 patients decided not to  finish the study or a study doctor decided 
it was best for the patient to stop the study. 
When the study ended in 
February 2016, the Sponsor began 
reviewing the information collected.  
The Sponsor then created a report of 
the results. This is a summary of that 
report. 
WHAT WERE THE 
RESULTS OF THE 
STUDY? 
Did bococizumab help to 
lower LDL cholesterol in 
patients who are taking a 
statin and who have LDL 
cholesterol above ideal levels? 
Yes, bococizumab worked better than placebo to further lower LDL cholesterol. 
Researchers looked at the average change in all patients’  LDL cholesterol from 
the start of the study compared to all patients’  average LDL cholesterol after 
12 weeks of taking the study medicines.   
On average, patients who took bococizumab 150 mg had their LDL cholesterol 
drop by about 57% from their starting value.  The patients taking bococizumab 
 
 6 150 mg  placebo had their LDL cholesterol go up about 6% from their starting 
value.  Based on these results and the number of patients, the researchers have 
concluded that the results are not likely the result of chan ce. 
How well can patients (or a helper) use the pre-filled pen? 
Pati
ents who took bococizumab 150 mg  used the pre-filled pen the right way at 
least 93% of the time (93 of every 100 times) on each occasion they were meant 
to inject (from Weeks 0 to 10) during the study .  They were successful 98% of 
the time (98 of every 100 times) for the last injection at Week  10. 
This does not mean that everyone in this study had these results, and individual 
results could be better or worse than the overall group.  Other studies may find 
different results.  These are just some of the main findings of the study. 
WHAT MEDICAL PROBLEMS DID PATIENTS 
HAVE DURING THE STUDY? 
The researchers recorded any medical problems the patients had during the 
study.  Patients could have had medical problems for reasons not related to the 
study (for example, caused by an underlying disease or by chance).  Or, medical 
problems could have been caused by a study treatment, or by another drug the 
patient was taking. Sometimes the cause of a medical problem is unknown.  By 
comparing medical problems across many treatment groups in many studies, 
doctors try to understand what the side effects of an experimental drug might 
be. 
1 patient left the study due to medical problems.  21 out of 299 patients in this 
study had at least 1 non-serious medical problem.  The most common are listed 
below. 
  
 7 Most Common Non -Serious Medical Problems  
(Reported by More Than 5% of Patients ) 
Medical Problem  Bococizumab 
75 mg 
(100 Patients 
Treated)  Bococizumab 
150 mg 
(100 Patients 
Treated)  Placebo 
75 mg 
(49 Patients 
Treated)  Placebo 
150 mg 
(50 Patients 
Treated)  
Nose and throat 
infection  2 (2%) 3 (3%) 2 (4%)  3 (6%) 
Diarrhea  2 (2%)  1 (1%)  1 (2%)  3 (6%)  
Common cold  1 (1%)  2 (2%)  3 (6%)  0 (0%)  
WERE THERE ANY SERIOUS MEDICAL 
PROBLEMS? 
A medical problem is considered “serious” when it is life -threatening, causes 
lasting problems, or needs hospital care.   
7 patients (2%, or 2 out of 100 patients) had serious medical problems.  No 
patients died during the study.  4 patients in the bococizumab groups, and 
3 patients in the placebo groups had a serious medical problem.  All serious 
medical problems were considered by the doctors and Sponsor as not due to 
study medicines. 
WHERE CAN I LEARN MORE ABOUT THIS STUDY? 
If you have questions about the results of your study, please speak with the 
doctor or staff at your study site. 
For more details on this study protocol, please visit online at 
www.clinicaltrials.gov  (use the study identifier NCT02458287 ).  
 8 Please remember that researchers look at the results of many studies to find out 
which medicines work best and are safest for patients.  No further clinical trials 
with bococizumab are planned at this time.  
Again, thank you  for volunteering. 
We do research to try to find the  
best ways to help patients, and you 
helped us to do that!  