 
 1 CLINICAL TRIAL RESULTS  
 
This summary reports the results of only one study.  Researchers look at the results of 
many studies to understand if a study medicine works, how it works, and if it is safe to 
prescribe to patients.  The results of this study might be different than  the results of 
other studies that the researchers review.  
Sponsor:     Pfizer, Inc.  
Medicine (s) Studied:  Rivipansel (GMI -1070)  
Protocol Number:  B5201002 (RESET)  
Dates of Trial:  17 June 2015 to 27 June 2019  
Title of this Trial:  Study Investigating  if Treatment with Rivipansel Shortened 
the Length of Hospital Stay For  Patients with Sickle Cell 
Disease Vaso -Occlusive Crisis   
[A Phase 3, Multicenter, Randomized, Double- Blind, 
Placebo -Controlled, Parallel -Group Study to Evaluate the 
Efficacy and Safety of Rivipansel (GMI -1070) in the 
Treatment of Vaso -Occlusive Crisis in Hospitalized Subjects 
With Sickle Cell Disease]  
Date of this Report:  29 April 2020  
– Thank You – 
Pfizer, t he Sponsor , would like to thank you for your participation in this clinical trial 
and provide  you a summary of results representing everyone who participated.  If you 
have any questions about the study or the results , please contact the doctor or staff at 
your study site.  
  
 
 2 WHY WAS THIS STUDY DONE?  
Sickle cell disease (SCD ) is a common “inherited ” blood disorder .  Inherited means it 
is passed down from parents to their children and so runs in families.  In the 
United  States, approximately 100,000 people have SCD while around the world  it is 
estimated that at least 5  million people have SCD .  A f urther 100 million people 
worldwide are thought to carry the SCD trait.  This means they may  pass SCD  to their 
child ren, although they do not have any symptoms of SCD  themselves.  W hile most 
people with SCD in the U nited States are African -American or African , the disease 
can affect many different ethnic groups  includ ing people from the Middle East, India , 
and the Southern Mediterranean.    
Many people with SCD will develop a condition known as an “acute pain crisis” or 
“vaso -occlusive crisis” (VOC ).  This  happens  when cells in the blood of a person with 
SCD block blood vessels (“vascular occlusion”).  This limits blood flow and oxygen 
delivery to areas of the body (“tissue ischemia”), which causes pain .   
Rivipansel is a new type of treatment that was expected  to be able to  interrupt or 
lessen the events in the blood vessels that lead to a VOC.   The researchers in this 
study wanted to see if rivipansel treatment  could shorten  the time that patients had to 
stay in the hospital  for treatment of a VOC.  
WHAT HAPPENED DURING THE STUDY?  
This study compared 2  groups of patients who had SCD to find out if patients given 
rivipansel spen t less time in the hospital before they were ready to be discharged than  
patients given  a “placebo ”.  A placebo does not have any medicine in it but it looks 
just like the medicine.  
The study included patients who  were admitted to hospital  for treatment of a VOC 
and needed “intravenous” opioids  to provide pain relief .  Intravenous means the drug 
is given into a vein.   
The patients and researchers did not know who was given rivipansel and who w as 
given  placebo.  This is known as a “blinded” stu dy.  Patients who opted to join the 
study were assigned to each group  randomly ( by chance alone ) making this a  
 3 “randomized ” study.  Randomization allows researchers to better compare the 
2 treatment groups (rivipansel versus placebo) . 
 
While individual patients  were only in the study for up to 43 days ( up to 8 days of 
treatment with rivipansel or placebo while in the hospital followed by safety 
assessments for up to 35  days after discharge),  the entire study took  4 years to 
complete.  The Sponsor ran this study at 62  locations in the United States and 
Canada.   It began on 17  June 2015 and ended on 27 June 2019 .  162  men or boys and 
183 women or girls participated.  All patients who participated were between the ages 
of 6 and 59 years.   
Patie nts were to be treated with up to  15 doses of rivipansel or placebo , which was 
given every 12 hours.  Treatment was  stopped when a  patient was  ready to be 
discharged from the hospital .  There were 345 patients who were randomized and 
started the study and 320 patients who received at least 1 dose of study treatment .  
 
 4 Of these 320 patients, 257 patients completed study treatment and then completed 
the study - 35 patients discontinued study treatment early, either  by their own choice 
or because a doctor deci ded it was best for them  to stop the study , and 28  patients 
who completed study treatment did not complete the study.    
When the study ended in June 2019 , the S ponsor began reviewing the infor mation 
collected.  The S ponsor then cr eated a report of the results.  This is a summary of that 
report.   
WHAT WERE THE RESULTS OF THE STUDY?  
Were patients who were given rivipansel ready to be  
discharge d from hospital sooner than patients who were 
given placebo?   
The researchers measured, in hours, how long patients stayed in the hospital before 
they were ready to be discharged  and compared the group given rivipansel to  the 
group given placebo.  For each group, t he number of hours in hospital for each of the 
patients was recorded and placed in order from the s hortest to the l ongest .  The  
middle number, or “median”, for each group was identified to help with the 
comparison between groups .   
Patients in the rivipansel group were in the hospital for a median of 88 hours 
compared with a median of 93 hours for patients in the placebo group (see figure 
below ).   
 
 
 5 Based on these data, the study did not show that patients given rivipansel were ready 
to be discharged any sooner than patients given placebo.  The small difference 
between the 2 groups in the median time  until discharge could easily h ave been due to 
chance.   
This does not mean that everyone in this study had these results.  Other studies may 
produce  different results , as well .  These are just some of the main findings of the 
study, and more information may be available at the websites listed at the end of this 
summary.   
WHAT MEDICAL PROBLEMS DID PATIENTS  
HAVE DURING THE STUDY?  
The researchers recorded any medical problems the patients had during the study.  
Patients could have had medical problems for reasons not related to the study (for 
example, caused by an underlying disease or occurring by chance)  or the medical 
problem could have been caused by a study treatment or by an other medicine  the 
patient was taking.  Sometimes the cause of a medical problem can be  unknown.  By 
comparing medical problems across treatment groups in many studies, doctors try to 
understand what the side effects of an experimental drug might be.  
273 out of 320  patients in this study reported  at least 1 medical problem .  Out of the 
162 patients who received rivipansel, t here was 1 patient who  left the study because of 
a medical problem .  None of the 158 patients in the placebo group left the study 
because of a medical problem.  Out of the 320 patients who received rivipansel or 
placebo in the study, 18 (approximately 6%) had their  study treatment s topped 
because of a medical problem but still continued in the study  - 10 out of the 
162 patients in the r ivipansel group  (approximately 6%) and 8 out of the 158 patients 
in the placebo group (approximately 5% ).  The most common medical problems  that 
were reported  are listed in the following table.   Most of the se medical problems were 
considered to be related to the  underlying SCD , VOC or treatment (other than 
rivipansel or placebo) that was given for the VOC.    
 6 Most Common Medical Problems  
(Reported by 5% or More Patients  in Either Group ) 
Medical Problem  Rivipansel  
(162 Patients 
Treated)  Placebo  
(158 Patients 
Treated)  
Anemia (low numbers of red blood cells)a  18 (11%)  13 (8%)  
Hemoglobin decreaseda 9 (6%)  13 (8%)  
Sickle cell anemia with crisis  43 (27%)  47 (30%)  
Abdominal pain  9 (6%)  6 (4%)  
Constipation (difficulty passing stools)  30 (19%)  21 (13%)  
Nausea (feeling like you want to vomit)  26 (16%)  27 (17%)  
Vomiting  17 (11%)  16 (10%)  
Chest pain  9 (6%)  8 (5%)  
Fever or feeling too hot  29 (18%)  33 (21%)  
Pain in extremity like arm or leg  9 (6%)  8 (5%)  
Feeling dizzy  9 (6%)  4 (3%)  
Headache  19 (12%)  30 (19%)  
Acute chest syndrome (VOC in lungs)  9 (6%)  10 (6%)  
Breathlessness  10 (6%)  3 (2%)  
Not getting enough oxygen  9 (6%)  8 (5%)  
Itchy skin  24 (15%)  17 (11%)  
Rash  9 (6%)  6 (4%)  
VOC:  vaso-occlusive crisis  
a In clinical studies , ‘anemia ’ (low numbers  of red blood cells ) may be reported using different terminology 
that has the same meaning such as ‘hemoglobin decreased’ . 
   
 7 WERE THERE ANY SERIOUS MEDICAL 
PROBLEMS?  
A medical problem  is considered “serious” when it is life- threatening, needs hospital 
care, or causes lasting problems .   
Out of the 320 patients who received rivipansel or placebo in the study, 
101 (approximately 32%) reported serious medical problems .  This included 52 out o f 
the 162 patients (approximately 32%) in the rivipansel group and 49  out of the 
158 patients (approximately 31%) in the placebo group.  The most frequently  
reported serious medical problem s were “sickle cell anemia with crisis ” and “acute 
chest syndrome”.  Sickle cell anemia with crisis is a term used to describe a VOC and  
“acute chest syndrome” describes vaso -occlusion when it occurs in the lungs.  These 
serious medical problems were reported in similar numbers of patients in the 
rivipansel group and the placebo group  (see table below ).  All other serious medical 
problems were reported in only 1 or 2 patients in either group.  No ne of the patients 
who were given rivipansel or placebo died during the study.   
Most Common Serious Medical Problems  
(Reported by 5% or More Patients in Either Gr oup)  
Medical Problem  Rivipansel  
(162 Patients 
Treated)  Placebo  
(158 Patients 
Treated)  
Sickle cell anemia with crisis  37 (23%) 34 (22%) 
Acute chest syndrome  (VOC in lungs)  8 (5%) 6 (4%) 
VOC: vaso -occlusive crisis.  
 
   
 8 WHERE CAN I LEARN MORE ABOUT THIS 
STUDY?  
If you have questions about the results of this  study, please speak with the doctor or 
staff at your study site.  
For more details on this study protocol, please visit:
www.clinicaltrials.gov  Use the study identifier NCT02187003  
Please remember that researchers look at the results of many studies to fi nd out which 
medicines can work and are safe for patients.   
Again, thank you  for volunteering.  
We do research to try to find the  
best ways to help patients, and you 
helped us to do that ! 