Clinical Study Results
This summary reports the results of only one study.  Researchers must look at the 
results of many types of studies to understand if a study medication works, how it 
works, and if it is safe to prescribe to patients.  The results of this study might be 
different than the results of other studies that the researchers review.
Sponsor:    Pfizer Inc. 
Medicine(s) Studied: PF-06651600 (Ritlecitinib), PF -06700841 
(Brepocitinib)
Protocol Number: B7981005
Dates of Study: 03 February 2017 to 10 May 2021
Title of this Study: Study to Compare Oral PF -06651600, PF -06700841 
and Placebo in Subjects With Moderate to Severe 
Ulcerative Colitis
[A Phase 2b, Double -Blind, Randomized, 
Placebo -Controlled, Parallel Group, Dose Ranging 
Study of Oral PF -06651600 and PF -06700841 as 
Induction and Chronic Therapy in Subjects With 
Moderate to Severe Ulcerative Colitis]
Date(s) of this Report: 10May 2022
–Thank You –
If you participated in this study, Pfizer, the Sponsor, would like to thank you for your 
participation .  This summary will describe the study results .  If you have any 
questions about the study or the results, please contact the doctor or staff at your 
study sit e.Why was this study done?
What is ulcerative colitis?
Ulcerative Colitis (or “UC”) is a long -term inflammatory medical condition that 
affects the large intestines (also known as the colon) .  Symptoms include cramping, 
constipation, diarrhea, rectal bleeding, and fatigue (feeling very tired).
The exact cause of UC is not known .   It is thought that UC is caused by an 
overactive immune system, which is normally responsible for fighting infections .  
Medicines are available that lower the activity of th e immune system, but some people 
with UC do not get better when taking these medicines .   Some people who do get 
better when taking these medicines still have worse UC over time .  
Researchers are looking for new treatments that can help treat patients wit h UC .
What are Ritlecitinib and Brepocitinib?
Ritlecitinib is a “small molecule” oral medication (swallowed) .   Small molecules can 
move easily through the cell membrane to interact with other molecules, such as 
enzymes, inside a cell .  
Ritlecitinib preve nts (inhibits) certain enzymes from working .   Enzymes are protein 
molecules in cells which speed up chemical reactions in the body .   The enzymes that 
ritlecitinib inhibits are known as janus kinase 3 (JAK3) and the tyrosine -protein (TEC )
kinase family .  
Both of these enzymes help control inflammatory pathways in the cell .   They also 
cause molecules known as cytokines to be released .   Cytokines cause inflammation .   
This inflammation is usually used by the immune system to fight infections that may 
becaused by viruses or bacteria .   In people with UC, the body’s immune system 
causes inflammation even although they are healthy.Brepocitinib is another small molecule oral medication .   It inhibits enzymes known as 
janus kinase 1 (JAK1) and tyrosine kina se 2 (TYK2) .  These enzymes control signals 
to the immune system cells that produce cytokines .  By stopping the function of 
JAK1 and TYK2, brepocitinib may prevent the abnormal immune system response 
and inflammation in people with UC.
What was the purpose of this study?
The main purpose of the study was to find out if ritlecitinib or brepocitinib was more 
effective at relieving UC symptoms .  In addition, both study medications were 
compared to placebo .  A placebo does not have any medicine in it, but it lo oks just 
like the study medication.
Researchers wanted to know:
Did the participants taking Ritlecitinib or Brepocitinib have more 
relief from their UC symptoms?
What happened during the study? 
How was the study done?
Researchers tested various doses of ritlecitinib or brepocitinib on groups of study 
participants to find out if study participants taking these study medicines experienced 
relief from their UC symptoms .  
Ritlecitinib (total of 150 participants):
o51 participants received 20 mg
o49 participan ts received 70 mg
o50 participants received 200 mgBrepocitinib (total of 142 participants) :
o48 participants received 10 mg
o47 participants received 30 mg
o47 participants received 60 mg
Placebo (total of 25 participants)
The study participants and researc hers did not know who took ritlecitinib or 
brepocitinib and who took the placebo .  This is known as a “double -blinded” study .  
Study participants were assigned to each group by chance alone.
Researchers measured the symptom relief of UC for each treatment group by using a 
Mayo score .  This is a scoring system that measures how many stools were passed 
each day, amount of rectal bleeding (if any), mucosal appearance (doctors use a 
camera on the end of a tube to look at the inside lining of the colon ), and a rating of 
the disease by a doctor (normal, mild, moderate or severe).
The Mayo score ranges from 0 to 12:
Mayo score 0 to 2: Participant is in remission (no disease activity)
Mayo score 3to 5: Participant has mild disease
Mayo score 6to 10: Participant has moderate disease
Mayo score 10and higher: Participant has severe disease
All participants in the study started with moderate to severe UC according to their 
Mayo score .  The difference in their score after the induction period would indica te 
how effective the study treatment was.
Where did this study take place? 
The Sponsor ran this study at 154 locations in 19 countries (United States, Australia, 
Bulgaria, Czech Republic, Denmark, Georgia, Germany, Hungary, Israel, Italy, 
Republic of Kore a, Romania, Russian Federation, Serbia, Slovakia, Spain, Poland, 
Turkey and Ukraine).
When did this study take place?
It began 03 February 2017 and ended 10 May 2021.
Who participated in this study?
The study included participants who had moderate to sever e UC, even although they 
had tried other treatments .  
A total of 182 men participated
A total of 135 women participated
All participants were between the ages of 18 and 73.
Participants were to be treated in the induction period for 8 weeks .  Of the 
317participants who started the study, 281finished the induction phase.
Ten (10) participants in the ritlecitinib group, 4 participants in the brepocitinib group, 
and zero participants in the placebo group, did not finish the induction phase because 
of medical problems.Overall, 36 participants left before the study was over by their choice or a doctor 
decided it was best for a participant to stop being in the study.
How long did the study last?
Study participants were in the induction phase of the study for 8 weeks.  The entire 
study took 51 months to complete .  The study was completed as planned.
When the study ended in May 2021, the Sponsor began reviewing the information 
collected .  The Sponsor then created a report of the results .  This is a summary of 
that report.
What were the results of the study?
Did the participants taking Ritlecitinib or Brepocitinib have more 
relief from their UC symptoms?
After 8 weeks of treatment, these were the results.
The average Mayo score for participants taking ritlecitinib were as follows:
20mg dose: 5.9
70mg dose: 4.0
200mg dose: 3.3
The average Mayo score for participants taking brepocitinib were as follows:
10mg dose: 6.1
30mg dose: 5.6
60mg dose: 4.7
The average Mayo score for participants taking placebo was 7.9Did the study medications help relieve the symptoms of UC 
compared to placebo?
On average, participants who took the study medications (ritlecitinib or 
brepocitinib) had a lower Mayo score (fewer UC symptoms), while participants 
taking pl acebo had a higher Mayo score (more UC symptoms).
Based on these results, the researchers have decided that the results are not likely 
the result by chance .  Ritlecitinib and brepocitinib may help with decreasing the 
symptoms and severity of UC .  
This d oes not mean that everyone in this study had these results .  This is a 
summary of just some of the main results of this study .  Other studies may have 
different results.
What medical problems did participants have during 
the study?
The researchers recorded any medical problems the participants had during the study .  
Participants could have had medical problems for reasons not related to the study (for 
example, caused by an underlying disease or by chance) .  Or, medical problems could 
also have bee n caused by a study treatment or by another medicine the participant was 
taking .  Sometimes the cause of a medical problem is unknown .  By comparing 
medical problems across many treatment groups in many studies, doctors try to 
understand what effects a s tudy medication might have on a participant.
One-hundred and forty-six(146)out of 317 (46%) participants in the induction of this 
study had at least 1 medical problem .  A total of 14 participants left the study because 
of medical problems .  The most common medical problems –those reported by 
more than 5% of participants –aredescribed below.
Below are instructions on how to read Table 1 .  
Instructions for Understanding Table 1 .  
The 1stcolumn of Table 1 lists medical problems that were commonly 
reported during the study .  All medical problems reported by more 
than 5% of participants are listed.
The 2ndcolumn tells how many of the 150 participants taking 
ritlecitinib reported each medi cal problem .  Next to this number is the 
percentage of the 150 participants taking the ritlecitinib who reported 
the medical problem .  
The 3rdcolumn tells how many of the 142 participants taking 
brepocitinib reported each medical problem .  Next to this number is the percentage of the 140 participants taking the brepocitinib who 
reported the medical problem.
The 4thcolumn tells how many of the 25 participants taking a placebo 
reported each medical problem .  Next to this number is the percentage 
of the 25 participants taking a placebo who reported the medical 
problem.
Using these instructions, you can see that 6 out of the 150 (4%) 
participants taking ritlecitinib reported having a headache, and 5 out of 
142 (4%) participants taking brepocitinib reported having a headache .  
A total of 2 out of the 25 (8%) participants taking a placebo reported 
having a headache.
Table 1 .  Commonly reported medical problems by study 
participants during 8 -week induction period
Medical 
ProblemPF-06651600
(150 
Participants)PF-06700841 
(142 
Participants)Placebo 
(25 
Participants)
Anemia (low 
number of red 
blood cells)7 out of 150 
participants (5%)6 out of 142 
participants (4%)1 out of 25 
participants (4%)
Headache 6 out of 150 
participants (4%)5 out of 142 
participants (4%)2 out of 25 
participants (8%)Table 1 .  Commonly reported medical problems by study 
participants during 8 -week induction period
Medical 
ProblemPF-06651600
(150 
Participants)PF-06700841 
(142 
Participants)Placebo 
(25 
Participants)
Infection of 
nose and 
throat3 out of 150 
participants (2%)8 out of 142 
participants (6%)0 out of 25 
participants (0%)
Stomach pain 2 out of 150 
participants (1%)4 out of 142 
participants (3%)2 out of 25 
participants (8%)
Fever 2 out of 150 
participants (1%)5 out of 142 
participants (4%)1 out of 25 
participants (4%)
Joint pain 3 out of 150 
participants (2%)5 out of 142 
participants (4%)0 out of 25 
participants (0%)
Did study participants have any serious medical 
problems?
A medical problem is considered “serious” when it is life -threatening, needs hospital 
care, or causes lasting problems.
Eleven (11) participants (3%, or 11 out of 317 participants) had serious medical 
problems .  6 participants in the ritlecitinib group had serious medical problems .  These 
included lung infection, severe UC, heart attack, brain inflammation 
(encephalitis), and lung damage .  
5 participants in the brepocitinib group had serious medical problems .  These 
included severe UC, haemorrhoid (swollen veins in rectum/anus) operation, 
blood clots, fever, and anaemia .  
No participants in the placebo group had serious medical problems .  
One (1) participant died during the study from a heart attack .  This was d etermined to 
not be related to the study treatment .  
Researchers believe most of the serious medical problems reported by participants 
were not related to study medications, except for 1 case of severe UC (ritlecitinib 
20mg group) and 1 case of fever (b repocitinib 30 mg group).Where can I learn more about this study?
If you have questions about the results of your study, please speak with the doctor or 
staff at your study site.
For more details on your study protocol, please visit:
The full scientific report of this study is available online at:
www.clinicaltrials.gov Use the study identifier NCT02958865
Please remember that researchers look at the results of many studies to find out which 
medicines can work and are safe for patients.
Again, if you participated in this study, 
thank you for volunteering.
We do research to try to find the 
best ways to help patients, and you helped 
us to do that !