 
 
 1CLINICAL TRIAL RESULTS 
 
 
 
This summary reports the results of only one study.  Researchers must look at the 
results of many types of studies to understand if a study medicine works, how it 
works, and if it is safe to prescribe to patients.  The results of this study might be 
different than the results of other studies that the researchers review. 
 
Sponsor:    Pfizer, Inc. 
Medicine(s) Studied: Vizimpro® (dacomitinib) 
Protocol Number: A7471058 
Dates of Trial: 05 April 2019 to 24 October 2019 
Title of this Trial: Study Looking at Safety of Dacomitinib and How it 
Works in the Body in People with Livers that Do Not 
Work Properly [A Phase 1, Open-Label, Single-Dose, 
Parallel-Group Study to Evaluate the Plasma 
Pharmacokinetics and Safety of Dacomitinib in 
Participants With Severely Impaired Hepatic Function 
Relative to Participants With Normal Hepatic Function]  
Date(s) of this Report: 03 November 2020 
 
– Thank You – 
Pfizer, the Sponsor, would like to thank you for your participation in this clinical trial 
and provide you a summary of results representing everyone who participated.  If you 
have any questions about the study or results, please contact the doctor or staff at 
your study site. 
 
 
 2WHY WAS THIS STUDY DONE? 
Non-small cell lung cancer (NSCLC) is the most common type of lung cancer.  In 
some patients with NSCLC, the patient’s liver may not work properly.  Doctors often 
describe this as “hepatic impairment”.  Hepatic is a Latin word for things that are 
related to the liver and impairment means something that is not working properly.  
The liver is a large organ in the body that has many different jobs including cleaning 
the blood and making different proteins and chemicals, as well as acting as a store for 
other chemicals and energy.  If the liver is not working properly, it can mean a patient 
is not able to take certain types of drugs.  This is because the drug could build up in 
the body and cause medical problems or that not enough drug is able to get into the 
blood to treat the patient’s disease.  
Dacomitinib (Vizimpro®) is a medicine that has been approved in the United States, 
Japan and the European Union as treatment for patients with a certain type of 
advanced NSCLC that is known as epithelial growth factor receptor positive 
(EGFR+).  Advanced NSCLC means the lung cancer has spread to other parts of the 
body.  EGFR+ means the tumor has a mutation (or change) in the gene that makes 
EGFR proteins.  These are proteins on the surface of cells that can stimulate cancer 
cells to grow and multiply.  Dacomitinib works by blocking the activity of a group of 
proteins called the human epidermal growth factor receptor (HER) family that 
including EGFR (also known as HER1, HER2, and HER4) in patients who are 
EGFR+.  By blocking the activity of these proteins dacomitinib may be able to help 
limit the growth and spread of cancer cells.  Dacomitinib is given as a tablet once a 
day to be taken by mouth. 
The researchers wanted to know what could happen to dacomitinib in the blood of 
participants with severe hepatic impairment (e.g., a liver that is hardly working).  They 
also wanted to know if severe hepatic impairment altered how quickly dacomitinib got 
into the blood and if the amount of drug in the blood changed.   
   
 3To answer this question, the researchers collected blood samples over several days 
from participants with severe hepatic impairment and from participants with no 
hepatic impairment (e.g., livers that were working properly).  The researchers then 
measured the amount of dacomitinib in the samples to see if it was different in 
participants with severe hepatic impairment compared to participants with properly 
working livers.  As food can change how long it takes a drug to reach the blood, this 
study looked at what happened to dacomitinib in the blood of participants who had 
not eaten for at least 10 hours.  By doing this, the researchers knew that the food the 
participant had eaten previously was unlikely to change how much dacomitinib got 
into the blood and how quickly this happened.   
WHAT HAPPENED DURING THE STUDY?  
This study compared 2 groups of participants to find out what happens to 
dacomitinib in the body of participants who have severe hepatic impairment 
compared to participants with no hepatic impairment.   
The study included adult participants who weighed more than 50 kg (110 lb) with 
severe hepatic impairment or with no hepatic impairment.   
Participants were put into 1 of 2 treatment groups according to how well their liver 
was working.  Participants with severe hepatic impairment joined the study first and 
patients with no hepatic impairment joined afterwards.  The researchers tried to 
match the 2 groups so that the average age and average body weight of each group 
were similar.  This meant the 2 groups were similar except for how well their livers 
were working. 
All participants in the study took dacomitinib.     
 4 
While participants were only in the study for 8 days (i.e., from the day before 
treatment until 7 days after treatment), the entire study took just over 6 months to 
complete.  The Sponsor ran this study at 2 locations in the US.  It began 
05 April 2019  and ended 24 October 2019.  16 men participated and all were between 
the ages of 52 and 68 years.  
Participants were admitted to the study unit the day before they were treated and had 
to stay overnight and not to eat during this time.  This meant that when they were 
treated with a single dose of 30 mg dacomitinib they had not eaten for more than 
10 hours.  Participants were then asked to stay in the study unit for 7 days.  Blood 
samples were taken during this time and they were asked how they felt.  Of the 
16 patients who started the study, all finished the study. 
When the study ended in October 2019, the Sponsor began reviewing the information 
collected.  The Sponsor then created a report of the results.  This is a summary of that 
report. 
  
 
 5WHAT WERE THE RESULTS OF THE STUDY? 
Does dacomitinib get into the blood differently in 
participants when they have severe hepatic impairment?  
In participants with severe hepatic impairment, the highest levels of dacomitinib were 
seen in the blood around 7 hours after they took a single dose of dacomitinib.  In 
participants with no hepatic impairment, dacomitinib levels were highest around 
12 hours after dosing.   
The highest level of dacomitinib in the blood was almost a third higher in participants 
with severe hepatic impairment compared to participants with no hepatic impairment.  
The overall amount of dacomitinib in the blood of participants with severe hepatic 
impairment was, however, similar to the overall amount of dacomitinib in the blood 
of participants with no hepatic impairment.  
This does not mean that everyone in this study had these results.  Other studies may 
produce different results, as well.  These are just some of the main findings of the 
study, and more information may be available at the website listed at the end of this 
summary.   
   
 6WHAT MEDICAL PROBLEMS DID 
PARTICIPANTS HAVE DURING THE STUDY? 
The researchers recorded any medical problems the participants had during the study.  
Participants could have had medical problems for reasons not related to the study (for 
example, caused by an underlying disease or by chance).  Or, medical problems could 
also have been caused by a study treatment or by another medicine the participant was 
taking.  Sometimes the cause of a medical problem is unknown.  By comparing 
medical problems across many treatment groups in many studies, doctors try to 
understand what the side effects of an experimental drug might be. 
None of the 16 participants in this study had any medical problems and none left the 
study because of medical problems.   
WERE THERE ANY SERIOUS MEDICAL 
PROBLEMS? 
A medical problem is considered “serious” when it is life-threatening, needs hospital 
care, or causes lasting problems.   
There were no serious medical problems in this study.  No participants died during 
the study. 
   
 7WHERE CAN I LEARN MORE ABOUT THIS STUDY? 
If you have questions about the results of your study, please speak with the doctor or 
staff at your study site. 
For more details on your study protocol, please visit: 
www.clinicaltrials.gov Use the study identifier NCT03865446  
 
Clinical trials with dacomitinib are ongoing. 
 
Please remember that researchers look at the results of many studies to find out which 
medicines can work and are safe for patients.   
 
Again, thank you  for volunteering. 
We do research to try to find the 
best ways to help patients, and you 
helped us to do that!  
 