 
 1 CLINICAL TRIAL RESULTS  
 
This summary reports the results of only one study.  Researchers must look at the 
results of many types of studies to understand if a study medicine works, how it 
works, and if it is safe to prescribe to patients.  The results of this study might be 
differ ent than the results of other studies that the researchers review.  
Sponsor:     Pfizer, Inc.  
Medicine (s) Studied:  Xtandi (enzalutamide , formerly  MDV3100)  
Protocol Number:  C3431012 (MDV3100 -18) 
Dates of Trial:  07 December 2015 t o 03 May 2019  
Title of this Trial:  18F-Sodium Fluoride PET/CT Bone Imaging in Patients 
With Castration -Resistant Prostate Cancer and Bone 
Metastases [A Phase 2, Open -Label, Single -Arm Study of 
18F-Sodium Fluoride PET/CT Bone Imaging in 
Enzalutamide -Treated Chemotherapy- Naïve Pat ients With 
Bone -Metastatic Castration -Resistant Prostate Cancer ] 
Date of this Report:  24 January  2020 
– Thank You – 
Pfizer, t he Sponsor , would like to thank you for your participation in this clinical trial 
and provide  you a summary of results representing everyone who participated.  If you 
have any questions about the study or results , please contact the doctor or staff at 
your study site.  
  
 
 2 WHY WAS THIS STUDY DONE?  
Prostate cancer is common in men and happens when the cells of the “prostate ” start 
to grow out of control.  The prostate is a gland that is part of the male reproductive 
system.  Patients with prostate cancer are often treated with hormone therapy and/ or 
“orchiectomy”.  Orchiectomy is the surgical removal of  1 or both testicles (sometimes 
called  castration ).  Even with  hormone therapy and/or surgery , the cancer can come 
back.  If this happens , it is called castration -resistant prostate cancer  and hormone 
therapy, immunotherapy, radiotherapy, or chemotherapy  may be given .  Prostate 
cancer may also “metastasize” or spread to other areas of the body.  Often new 
cancers will develop in the bone  and these cancers are described as metastatic bone 
tumors.   
One type of hormone therapy that can be given to patients wi th castration -resistant 
prostate cancer  is Xtandi® (enzalutamide) .  This medicine  can be used to treat  
metastatic a s well as non- metastatic disease in many countries around the world , 
including the United States, Canada and Eur ope.   
This study used 18F-sodium fluoride positron -emission tomography/computed 
tomography (18F-NaF PET -CT) to look at the effect of enzalutamid e treatment  on 
metastatic bone tumors in patients with castration -resistant prostate cancer.   18F-NaF 
PET-CT is an imaging test that can b e used to see what is happening to a tumor and 
if the tumor  is responding  to treatment.  Patients in this study were treated with 
enzalutamide  and the researchers look ed to see if the tumor wa s shrinking , staying the 
same, or getting bigger  after treatment .  If the tumor gets bigger , different treatment 
options may be needed . 
WHAT HAPPENED DURING THE STUDY?  
This study compared a single group  of patients to find out  if 18F-NaF PET -CT 
imaging could be used to look at  treatment response in metasta tic bone tumors  in 
patients taking enzalutamide .  
The study included patients who ha d castration -resistant prostate cancer w ith 
metastatic bone tumors  and who were “chemo therapy naïve in this setting ”.  This  
 3 means that the p atient  must not have been previously treated with chemotherapy for 
their castration -resistant prostate cancer .   
While patients were only in the study for up to 36 months , the entire study took 
3 years and 5 months to complete.  The Sponsor ran this study at 3  locations in the 
United States.   It began on 07 December 2015 and ended 03  May 2019.  A total of 
23 men participated.  All patients were between the ages of 51 and 93 years.  
Patients were to be initially treated until Week 13 and  have Scan 1 performed at 
screening  and Scan 2 at Week 13.   At th e Week 13 visit, the doctor decided if the 
patient’s enzalutamide treatment was to be stopped due to “disease progression”, 
which means the cancer was getting worse, or if enzalutamide could be continued.  
Disease progression could be determined by looking at scans or from the patient’s 
symptoms.  If disease progression occurred  either at Week 13 or after this time- point , 
the patient was removed from the study.  If the patient was removed from the study 
after Week 13, Scan 3 was performed .  Patients who remained in the study and were 
treated with enzalutamide beyond Week  13 were regularly monitored .  In patients 
with no disease progression, the  final Scan 3 was performed 2 years after the patient 
had first start ed treatment with enzalutamide .  The doc tor could also stop a patient’s 
enzalutamide treatment during the study if the patient had medical problems that they could not tolerate like feeling too tired all the time or if their blood pressure was too 
high.  
 
 
 4 Of the  23 patients who started the study  and had Scan 1 , 20 patients had Scan 1 and 
Scan 2, 22  patients h ad Scan 1 and Scan 3, and 20 patients had a ll 3 scans. 16 patients 
left before the study was over by their choice or a doctor decided it was best for the  
patient to stop the study , 1 pat ient left because of medical problems, and 1 patient 
passed away. There were 5 patients who were transferred by their doctor to an 
extension study so they could continue enzalutamide treatment.  
When the study ended in May 2019 , the S ponsor began reviewing the infor mation 
collected.  The S ponsor then cr eated a report of the results. This is a summary of that 
report.   
WHAT WERE THE RESULTS OF THE STUDY?  
How many patients had 1 or more metastatic bone tumors  
that responded to enzalutamide  treatment?   
There were 22 p atients with data from Scan 1 and Scan 3.  All of these 22 patients 
(100%) had metastatic bone cancer that responded to enzalutamide treatment at 
Scan 3.  Scan 3 was performed either at the time the patient’s cancer had progressed 
or 2 years after  the patient started enzalutamide treatment if their cancer had not 
progressed.  
Based on these results, the researchers concluded  that 18F-NaF PET/CT imaging can 
be used to look at how metastatic bone tumors change with treatment and whether 
the tumor shrinks, stays  the same or get s bigger .   
 5  
 
 
 
  
Other studies may produce  different results to this study.  These are just some of the 
main findings of the study, and more information may be available at the websites 
listed at the end of this summary.    
WHAT MEDICAL PROBLEMS DID PATIENTS  
HAVE DURING THE STUDY?  
The researchers recorded any medical problems the pa rticipant s had during the study. 
Participant s could have had medical problems for reasons not related to the study (for 
example, caused by an underlying disease or by chance).  Or, medical problems could 
also have been caused by a study treatment, or by another medicine  the participan t 
was taking.  Sometimes the cause of a medical problem is unknown.  By comparing 
medical problems across many treatment groups in many studies, doctors try to 
understand what the side effects of an experimental drug might be.  
A total of 22  out of 23 patients (96%) in this study had at least 1 medical problem  (see 
table) .  A total of 4 out of the 23 patients (17%) left the study because of medical 
problems.  The most common medical problem reported was tiredness;  19 out of the 
23 patients ( 83%) had this medical problem.    
 
 6 Most Common Medical Problems  
(Reported by More Than 20% of Patients)  
Medical Problem  Enzalutamide 160 mg  
(23 Patients)  
Tiredness  19 (83%) 
Loose stools  6 (26%) 
Fall 6 (26%) 
Joint pain  6 (26%) 
Back pain  6 (26%)  
 
WERE THERE ANY SERIOUS MEDICAL 
PROBLEMS?  
A medical problem  is considered “serious” when it is life- threatening, needs hospital 
care, or causes lasting problems .   
A total of 9  patients ( 39%, or 9  out of 23 patients ) had serious medical problems .  
The doctors thought that some of these serious medical problems were severe and 
these are listed in the following table .  
There was 1  patient who died during the study  due to suicide.  The d octor did not 
think this death was related to enzalutamide.   
  
 7 Serious Medical  Problems Considered Severe  
Serious M edical Problem  Enzalutamide 
160 mg  
(23 Patients ) 
Heart valve not working properly  1 (4%)  
Loose stools  1 (4%)  
Bleeding from the stomach  1 (4%)  
Feeling weak and/or with no energy  1 (4%)  
Back pain  1 (4%)  
Throat cancer  1 (4%)  
Suicide  1 (4%)  
Blood in the urine  1 (4%)  
Unable to completely empty the bladder  (urinary retention)  1 (4%)  
Unable to pass urine  (urinary tract obstruction)  1 (4%)  
Blood clot in a vein  (deep vein thrombosis)  1 (4%)  
Low blood pressure  1 (4%)  
 
WHERE CAN I LEARN MORE ABOUT THIS STUDY?  
If you have questions about the results of your study, please speak with the doctor or 
staff at your study site.  
For more details on this study protocol, please visit:   
www.clinicaltrials.gov  Use the study identifier N CT02384382  
Clinical trials with enz alutamide are ongoing and further trials are planned.  Please 
remember that researchers look at the results of many studies to fi nd out which 
medicines can work and are safe for patients.   
 8 Again, thank you  for volunteering.  
We do research to try to find the  
best ways to help patients, and you 
helped us to do that ! 