 
 1 
CLINICAL TRIAL RESULTS  
 
Sponsor:     Pfizer, Inc.  
Medicine  Studied:  Bococizumab  
Protocol Number:  B1481030  
Dates of Trial:  04 June 2014 to 03 November  2015 
Title of this Trial:  A Randomized Clinical Trial of Bococizumab (PF -
04950615; RN316) in Patien ts Who Cannot Take St atins   
(SPIRE -SI) 
[A Phase 3, Double -Blind, Double -Dummy, Randomized, 
Placebo and Active Controlled, Parallel -Group Study to 
Assess the Efficacy, Safety and Tolerab ility of PF -04950615 
in Subjects With Dyslipidemia Who Are Intolerant to 
Statins ]  
Date of this Report:  01 June 2017   
 
 
– Thank You – 
Pfizer,
 the Sponsor, would like to thank you for your participation in this 
clinical trial and provide you a summary of results representing everyone who 
participated.  If you have any questions about the study or its results please 
contact the doctor or staff at your study site. This summary of results represents 
a single trial only. 
   
 2 WHY WAS THIS STUDY DONE? 
Heart disease is a leading cause of death in both men and women.  One of the 
biggest risks for gettin g heart disease is having high “ bad” cholesterol (called 
LDL, or low-density lipoprotein cholesterol).  Having high LDL cholesterol can 
lead to heart problems. 
Doctors prescribe me dicines called “statins”  to patients with high LDL 
cholesterol to  lower the LDL cholesterol in the blood.  Some people have 
muscle-related medical problems when taking statins.  These medical problems 
include muscle spasms and pain in the muscles (myalgia), which may be severe .  
This may prevent them from being able to take their prescribed statin 
medications. 
Researchers did this study to look for a new way to treat patients with high 
LDL cholesterol who are unable to take a statin because of musc le-related 
medical problems.  Bococizumab was the medicine tested in this study.  It is not 
a statin.  Bococizumab is a medicine that was given in this study as an injection 
under the skin (subcutaneous) which may help to lower LDL cholesterol.  For 
this study, researchers wanted to answer the question:   Does bococizumab help 
to lower LDL cholesterol in patients who cannot take statin medications? 
WHAT HAPPENED DURING THE STUDY? 
This study compared 3 groups of patients .  Researchers wanted to find out if 
patients taking bococizumab had lower LDL cholesterol than patients who took 
a placebo .  A placebo does not have any medicine in it, but looks just like the 
medicine being tested.  One group got a statin medicine (atorvastatin).  The 
statin medicine was used to see if people taking it had the same medical problems 
as when they had used statins before (re-challenge).  
 3 This study included adult men and women who: 
 Had high cholesterol that requires medicine to treat 
 Tried takin g at least 2 different statins in the past 
 Stopped taking their statins because of muscle problems (like pain, or 
muscle spasms) 
Patients were put into 1 of 3 treatment groups by chance alone.  This is known 
as a “randomized” study.  This is done to make t he groups more similar for 
things like age and the number of men and women.  Making the groups more 
similar makes comparing the groups more fair. 
The patients and researchers did not know who took what medicine during the 
study .  This is known as a “ double-blinded” study.  Researchers use “double -
blinded” studies to make sure that the results of the study are not influenced in 
any way. 
 
Descriptions of Medicines Given in Each Group  
Group  Medicines Given  Why the Group Was Used in this Study  
1 Bococizumab 150  mg AND 
atorva statin placebo  To see if bococizumab lowered LDL  cholesterol  
2 Bococizumab placebo AND 
atorva statin placebo  To see if bococizumab worked better than no 
medicine  
3 Bococizumab placebo AND 
40 mg atorvastatin  To confirm  that the enrolled patients were , in 
fact, unable to take a statin  
For 2 weeks, patients were checked (screened) to make sure they met all the 
requirements to be in the study.  Next, all patients took the same placebo 
treatments for 4 weeks.  Then, patients were put into 1 of 3 groups and were 
treated for 24 weeks.  After taking the study medicines, patients were followed 
by researchers for 6 weeks (follow-up phase) to see how they did after taking 
study medicines.  
 4  
While patients were only in the study for 36  weeks (a bout  9 months), the entire 
study took 17 months to complete.  The study took place at 26 sites in the US 
and 6 sites in Canada.   It began on 04 June 2014  and ended on 
03 November 2015.  184 patients started this study.  85 patients wer e men and 
99 patients were women .  All patients were between the ages of 33 and 83 .  
Of the 184 patients who started the study, 183 took at least one dose of the 
study medicine.  1 72 finished the study .  11 patients left before the study was 
over by their choice or because a doctor decided it was best for a patient to stop 
the study.  1 patient died.  Study medicines did not cause the patient’s death . 
When the study ended in November 2015, the Sponsor began to look at the 
information collected.  The Sponsor then created a report of the results.  This is 
a summary of that report. 
WHAT WERE THE RESULTS OF THE STUDY? 
 
 5 Does bococizumab help to lower LDL cholesterol in patients 
who cannot take statins? 
Yes, bococizumab worked better than placebo to lower LDL cholesterol. 
Researchers looked at the average change in patient’s LDL cholesterol from the 
start of the study compared to the patient’s average LDL cholesterol after 
12 weeks of taking the study medicines.  On average, patients who took 
bococizumab had their LDL cholesterol drop by about 54% from their starting 
value.  The patients taking a placebo had their LDL cholesterol go up a little bit , 
less than 1%, from their starting value.   
 
The group who took a statin had their LDL cholesterol go down by about 25% 
from their starting value .  Based on these results, the researchers have concluded 
that the results are not likely the result of chance. 
This does not mean that everyone in this study had these results.  Each patient’s 
result could be better or worse than the 
overall group.  Other studies may find 
different results.  This is just one of the main 
findings of the study.  More information may 
be available at the website listed at the end of 
this summary. 
 
WHAT MEDICAL 
PROBLEMS DID PATIENTS 
HAVE DURING THE 
STUDY? 
 
 6 The researchers recorded any medical problems the patients had during the 
study.  Patients could have had medical problems for reasons not related to the 
study (for example, caused by an underlying disease or by chance).  Or, medical 
problems could have been caused by a study treatment, or by another drug the 
patient was taking. Sometimes the cause of a medical problem is unknown.  By 
comparing medical problems across many treatment groups in many studies, 
doctors try to understand what the side effects of an experimental drug might 
be. 
A total of 6 patients left the study due to medical proble ms.  105 out of 
183 patients in this study had at least 1 non-serious medical problem.   The most 
common are listed in the table on the next page. 
Patients taking bococizumab had a similar rate of muscular medical problems 
(muscle pain and muscle spasms) as patients in the atorvastatin and placebo 
group.  Patients taking bococizumab had a higher amount of injection site 
reactions than patients did in the other groups.  14 patients (19%, or 14 out of 
74 patients) taking bococizumab had a non-serious injection site reaction .  
2 patients ( 3%, or 2 out of 73 patients) in the placebo group had a non-serious 
injection site reaction.  No one in the atorvastatin group had an injection site 
reaction. 
   
 7  
 
Most Common Non-Serious Medic al Problems  
(Reported by More Than 5% of Patients ) 
Medical Problem  Bococizumab  
(74 Patients 
Treated)  Atorvastatin  
(36 Patients 
Treated)  Placebo  
(73 Patients 
Treated)  
Muscle pain  13 (18 %) 7 (19 %) 13 (18 %) 
Muscle spasms  7 (9%) 3 (8%) 8 (11%) 
Injection site reaction  14 (19%) 0 (0%) 2 (3%) 
Tiredness  3 (4%) 4 (11%) 6 (8%) 
Pain in a joint 5 (7%)  1 (3%)  6 (8%)  
Pain in arms or legs  4 (5%)  1 (3%)  7 (10%)  
Infection (any kind)  2 (3%)  3 (8%)  6 (8%)  
Nausea  4 (5%)  2 (6%)  2 (3%)  
Back pain  2 (3%)  0 (0%)  6 (8%)  
Diarrhea  4 (5%)  1 (3%)  4 (5%)  
Dizziness  2 (3%)  3 (8%)  3 (4%)  
Headache  4 (5%)  1 (3%)  2 (3%) 
Stomach pain  1 (1%)  0 (0%)  4 (5%)  
Constipation  0 (0%)  1 (3%)  4 (5%)  
Cough  1 (1%)  2 (6%)  0 (0%)  
Rash  0 (0%) 2 (6%)  1 (1%) 
Seasonal allergy  0 (0%)  2 (6%)  1 (1%) 
  
 8 WERE THERE ANY SERIOUS MEDICAL 
PROBLEMS? 
A medical problem is consi dered “serious” when it is life -threatening, causes 
lasting problems, or needs hospital care. 
16 patients (9%, or 16 out of 183 patients) had serious medical problems.  
8 patients in the bococizumab group, 7 patients in the placebo group, and 
1 patient in the atorvastatin group had  a serious medical problem.  All serious 
medical problems were considered by the study doctors and Sponsor as not 
related to study medicines.  One patient died during the study.   The patient had 
stopped taking the study medications about 1 month before he died.  The study 
doctor and Sponsor considered that the death was not related to the study 
medicines. 
WHERE CAN I LEARN MORE ABOUT THIS STUDY? 
If you have questions about the results of your study, please speak with the 
doctor or staff at your study site. 
For more details on this study protocol, please visit www.clinicaltrials.gov  (use 
the study identifier NCT02135029). 
Please remember that researchers look at the results of many studies to find out 
which medicines work best and are safest for patients.  No further clinical trials 
with bococizumab are planned at this time. 
Again, thank you  for volunteering. 
We do research to try to find the  
best ways to help patients, and you 
helped us to do that!  