How was the study done? Participants were checked (screened) to make sure they were a good fit for the study. Participants received 1 milligram (mg) talazoparib once per day by mouth, for 24 weeks (participants with kidney disease received a lower dose, 0.75 mg talazoparib). Within 6 weeks of finishing talazoparib treatment, participants had surgery and study doctors took tissue samples to evaluate and remove breast cancer. This was an “open-label” study, which means that the participants and doctors knew which treatment and dose they received. Researchers wanted to know: How many participants had a pathologic complete response (complete disappearance of cancer at surgery) after 24 weeks of treatment with talazoparib followed by surgery?

Participants joined the study and received talazoparib for 24 weeks and were expected to attend a follow-up visit about 4 weeks later. Within 6 weeks of completing talazoparib treatment, participants had surgery (if appropriate) followed by another follow-up visit 4 weeks later. Participants were thereafter contacted by phone about every 12 weeks for the remainder of the study.

The figure below shows what happened during this study. Where did this study take place? The Sponsor ran this study at 18 locations in the United States.

When did this study take place? It began on 27 August 2018 and ended 23 September 2020. 

Who participated in this study? This study included adult participants who: Had HER2 negative (HER2 is a type of protein receptor that may be on the surface of cancer cells) or early invasive triple-negative breast cancer. Had a BRCA 1 or BRCA 2 gene mutation. Were appropriate to receive treatment prior to surgery. Had breast cancer which had not spread to parts of the body that are far away from the breast. Had a measurable tumor and lymph nodes which were less than 2 inches in size.

Participants received talazoparib treatment for 24 weeks. Of the 61 participants who started the study, 45 participants (74%) completed talazoparib treatment. A total of 16 participants (26%) stopped taking talazoparib early by their choice, because their breast cancer was worsening, because they had a medical problem, or because a doctor decided it was best for them to stop talazoparib. 

How long did the study last? The amount of time that each participant was in this study varied. The entire study took about 2 years to complete. After the last participant's surgical safety follow-up was completed, the study ended in September 2020, and the Sponsor began reviewing the information collected. The Sponsor then created a report of the results. This is a summary of that report.