How was the study done?
This study included participants with AML who had not previously been treated for their cancer. The participants were split into 2 groups:
- An Intensive Treatment Group – this included participants who were suitable for intensive chemotherapy with cytarabine and daunorubicin
- A Non-Intensive Treatment Group – this included participants who were not suitable for intensive chemotherapy and who were given standard chemotherapy with azacitidine.

The researchers then tested glasdegib on each group of study participants to find out if study participants taking glasdegib plus chemotherapy lived longer compared to study participants given placebo plus chemotherapy. A placebo does not have any medicine in it, but it looks just like the study medication. Participants took glasdegib or placebo tablets once a day and this treatment could be continued for up to 2 years.

Participants received intensive or non-intensive chemotherapy, and this was given according to the manufacturer’s recommendations. Participants who stopped treatment in this study were followed to check on their health.

Researchers compared the results of study participants taking glasdegib plus chemotherapy to the results of study participants taking placebo plus chemotherapy. The study participants and researchers did not know who took glasdegib and who took the placebo. This is known as a “blinded” study. This study was double-blinded, which means nobody knew who was taking what treatment during the study. 

Study participants were assigned to each group by chance alone. The study plan is shown in Figure 1. 

Figure 1: Study Plan

Where did this study take place?
For the Intensive Treatment Group, the Sponsor ran this study at 94 locations in 20 countries in North America, Central America, Europe, Asia, and Australia. For the Non-Intensive Treatment Group, the Sponsor ran this study at 83 locations in 21 countries in North America, Central America, Europe, Asia, and Australia.

When did this study take place?
For the Intensive Treatment Group, the study began 20 April 2018 and ended 01 February 2021, with data collected up to 11 November 2021. For the Non-Intensive Treatment Group, the study began 18 June 2018 and ended 05 June 2020, with data collected up to 17 January 2022.

Who participated in this study?
The study included participants who had AML but who had not previously been treated for their cancer.
In the Intensive Treatment Group,
- A total of 236 men participated
- A total of 168 women participated
- All participants were between the ages of 19 and 86 years

In the Non-Intensive Treatment Group,
- A total of 186 men participated
- A total of 139 women participated
- All participants were between the ages of 47 and 94 years

Participants were to be treated until their cancer got worse, they experienced unacceptable toxicity, they left the study, or the participant died.

In the Intensive Treatment Group, of the 399 participants who started the study and received treatment, 390 participants stopped taking the study treatment. All 399 participants left before the study was over by their choice or a doctor decided it was best for a participant to stop being in the study, or because they passed away, or the Sponsor closed the study. Most participants left the study because they died.

In the Non-Intensive Treatment Group, of the 322 participants who started the study and received treatment, 306 participants stopped taking the study treatment. There were 305 participants who left before the study was over by their choice or a doctor decided it was best for a participant to stop being in the study, or because they passed away, or the Sponsor closed the study. Most participants left the study because they died or because the Sponsor closed the study. There are 7 participants who are continuing in this study from the Non-Intensive Treatment Group.

How long did the study last?
In the Intensive Treatment Group, study participants were in the study for up to 2 years and 9 months, with data collected for around 3 years and 7 months. In the Non-Intensive Treatment Group, study participants were in the study for up to 1 year and 11 months, with data collected for around 3 years and 7 months.

The researchers stopped participants in the Intensive Treatment Group from continuing in the study after an early analysis of the data in 2020. They did this because they found there was no difference between the participants who were treated with glasdegib plus intensive chemotherapy and participants who were treated with placebo plus intensive chemotherapy.

For the Intensive Treatment Group, the Sponsor began reviewing the information collected up to November 2021 and closed this part of the study early. The Sponsor then created a report of the results. For the Non-Intensive Treatment Group, the Sponsor began reviewing the information collected up to January 2022. The Sponsor then created a report of the results. This is a summary of the reports for the Intensive Treatment Group and the Non-Intensive Treatment Group. At the time of writing, there are 7 participants from the Non-Intensive Treatment Group who are continuing in this study.