How was the study done?
Researchers studied a group of participants to learn more about the safety and the possible effectiveness of talazoparib in men with metastatic castration-resistant prostate cancer and DNA-repair defects. Participants included in the study were examined by a study doctor and determined to be appropriate to participate, were adult men. They had a recent biopsy of their prostate cancer, had confirmed prostate cancer with a DNA-repair defect (mistake in DNA), and were currently either receiving drugs or had their testes removed with the aim to reduce androgen in the body. This strategy is called ADT (androgen deprivation therapy). They had prostate cancer that was metastatic and was progressive (getting worse). They had previously been treated with 1 or 2 different chemotherapy regimens.

First, a study doctor checked each potential participant to make sure they were appropriate to join the study. This is known as the screening period. Most participants received 1 milligram (mg) talazoparib once a day (participants with moderate kidney disease received 0.75 mg talazoparib once a day), and could continue receiving talazoparib until their cancer worsened, they had unacceptable medical problems, they chose to stop taking talazoparib, they passed away, or they were no longer benefitting from talazoparib. Participants also continued to take ADT throughout the study. This was an open-label study, which means that the participants, researchers, and study doctors knew which treatment the participants received.

Participants were expected to attend visits at the study center every 2 weeks for the first 8 weeks (through week 9), then every 4 weeks through week 25, and every 12 weeks thereafter. They had imaging tests done at some of these visits, to see if their prostate cancer was growing or shrinking. Participants were also expected to attend an end of treatment visit about 4 weeks after their last dose of talazoparib, plus safety follow-up visits every 8 to 12 weeks until the study ended.

The figure below shows what happened during the study. Where did this study take place? Participants were recruited from 43 hospitals, cancer centers, and medical centers in Australia, Austria, Belgium, Brazil, France, Germany, Hungary, Italy, the Netherlands, Poland, Spain, South Korea, the United Kingdom, and the United States.

When did this study take place?
It began on July 4, 2017, and is scheduled to end on September 2, 2022. The Sponsor reviewed the information collected and created a report of the results. This is a summary of that report.

Who participated in this study?
A total of 128 men joined this study, and 127 men received study treatment. All participants were between the ages of 46 and 84 years. Of the 127 participants who received study treatment, 97 (76%) completed treatment. At the time the Sponsor reviewed the information collected, 30 participants were still receiving study treatment.