All patients in this study received talazoparib. The researchers wanted to find out if a patient’s previous breast cancer treatment could change the way talazoparib was able to treat the tumor. Some patients with cancer are given chemotherapy with drugs containing platinum while others are given chemotherapy with drugs that do not contain platinum. This study included 2 different groups of patients previously treated for breast cancer as shown in the table below. The patients in both of these groups had breast cancer that was advanced and difficult to treat.

Description of Treatment Groups:

Group 1: Previous Treatment for Breast Cancer - Prior chemotherapy with drugs containing platinum (platinum-based therapy) like cisplatin or carboplatin. Patients initially responded to treatment, and while the cancer came back, this occurred more than 8 weeks after the last dose of platinum-therapy. The number of patients treated was 48b.

Group 2: Previous treatment with 3 or more courses of chemotherapy with drugs like docetaxel, paclitaxel, doxorubicin, capecitabine, vinorelbine, or eribulin that are not based on a platinum drug. Use of a platinum-based therapy before or after surgery was allowed providing the cancer did not return within 6  

The study included patients who: Were 18 years or older, Had breast cancer that was advanced and not suitable for radiotherapy or surgery or had “metastatic disease”, which is when the cancer has spread to other parts of the body, Inherited the BRCA 1 or BRCA 2 gene mutation.

Patients joined the study at 1 of 34 sites in the United States (US), United Kingdom (UK), France, Germany, and Spain. The study began on 13 December 2013 when the first patient had their first visit. All patients were aged between 31 years and 75 years, and nearly all were women. There were 2 men treated in the study, with 1 in each group. There were originally 84 patients who joined the study, but 1 patient left before receiving treatment with talazoparib. A total of 83 patients were treated with talazoparib in this study until their doctor determined their cancer was getting worse, the side effects were too severe, the patient decided they wanted to leave the study, or the study was closed by the Sponsor. The main reason patients treated with talazoparib left the study was because they passed away (81%, or 67 out of the 83 treated patients).

As of 01 September 2016 (the data cutoff date for the full report), 10 patients from the group previously treated with platinum-based treatment (21%, or 10 out of the 48 treated patients) and 16 patients from the group previously treated with 3 or more chemotherapy courses with non- platinum drugs (46%, or 16 out of the 35 treated patients) were still in the study but were “off-treatment” and not taking talazoparib. In addition, 5 patients from the group previously treated with platinum-based treatment (10%, or 5 out of 48 treated patients) and 4 patients from the group previously treated with 3 or more chemotherapy courses with non- platinum drugs (11%, or 4 out of 35 treated patients) were “on-treatment” and taking talazoparib. These on-treatment patients were followed until 31 October 2018, when the study was closed early by the Sponsor. At the time the study ended, 2 out of these 9 patients were continuing to receive talazoparib treatment. As these 2 patients were benefitting from talazoparib, the Sponsor transferred them into another study so they could continue this treatment.

Data collected up to 01 September 2017 were reviewed by the Sponsor and used to write a report. This is a summary of the information included in the report on how talazoparib was able to treat breast cancer. Data collected up until 31 October 2018, when the Sponsor closed the study, were analyzed in a supplementary safety report. The main findings of the safety report are summarized in this document.