This study compared two groups of participants to learn more about the long-term effects of MenACWY-TT. The sponsor asked participants who participated in a previous study on Nimenrix to join this study. All the participants were healthy and had received vaccination with Nimenrix or Mencevax during the previous study. The participants were placed in two groups (the same groups as the previous study):

- Group 1: Participants who received Nimenrix in the previous study (235 participants)  
- Group 2: Participants who received Mencevax in the previous study (76 participants)

The participants were asked to come to up to 5 visits, each a year apart, at the study center. This was known as the “persistence phase” of the study. During these visits, the researchers collected blood samples from the participants. The researchers looked for antibodies in the blood against the four different types of meningococcus germ. 164 participants from the Nimenrix group and 56 participants from the Mencevax group received a booster dose of Nimenrix at study visit 5. This was known as the “booster phase” of the study.

This was an “open label” study, which means that the participants and the researchers knew which vaccine the participants received. 

Participants were in this study for up to four years, and the entire study took a little more than four years to complete. Participants joined the study at one of two locations in the Philippines. The first participant joined the study on 29 April 2014 and the last participant finished the study on 10 August 2018. A total of 163 men (52%) and 148 women (48%) joined the study. All participants were between 18 and 60 years old.

Participants were supposed to come to up to five visits, each a year apart, at the study center. Of the 311 participants who started the study, 203 (65%) completed all visits. A total of 80 participants did not finish the study by their choice or because a doctor decided it was best for a participant to stop the study.

When the study ended in August 2018, the Sponsor began reviewing the information collected. The Sponsor then created a report of the results. This is a summary of that report.