This study compared two groups of patients to learn more about switching from Epogen to Retacrit. All patients in this study were adults with anemia and chronic kidney disease who were receiving a treatment called dialysis. Dialysis is used to remove extra water and waste from the body when the kidneys don’t work well. At the time the study started, all patients were also receiving Epogen.

The first group of patients continued receiving Epogen throughout the study. There were 206 patients in this group. The second group of patients stopped taking Epogen and took Retacrit throughout the study. There were 212 patients in this group. Both Epogen and Retacrit were given as an injection. Study doctors used a standard formula to determine the appropriate dose of Epogen or Retacrit for each patient.

Patients were picked for each treatment by chance alone. This is known as a “randomized” study. Randomized studies are done to make the treatment groups more similar for things like age and the number of men and women. Reducing differences between the groups makes comparing the groups more fair. Both the researchers and the patients knew who was receiving which study treatment.

Each patient in this study was supposed to be treated for about 24 weeks. However, it took about 1 year for all the patients to complete the study. Patients joined the study at 46 locations in the United States and Puerto Rico. It began 13 July 2015 and ended 16 July 2016. A total of 234 men and 184 women participated. Patients were between 21 and 94 years old.

Patients were supposed to come to the study center 9 times for visits. Of the 418 patients who joined the study and received study treatment, 314 patients finished the study. 104 patients did not finish the study by their own choice, because they had a medical problem, or because a doctor decided it was best for a patient to stop the study.

The figure on the following page shows what happened during the study. When the study ended in July 2016, the Sponsor began reviewing the information collected. The Sponsor then created a report of the results. This is a summary of that report.