This study compared two groups of patients. Researchers wanted to find out if PF-05280014 worked similarly to Herceptin® in patients with breast cancer. This study included adult women who had newly diagnosed, early breast cancer, did not receive prior treatment for their breast cancer, planned to get surgery for their breast cancer tumor after chemotherapy. The patients and researchers did not know who took PF-05280014 and who took Herceptin®. This is known as a “double-blinded” study. Researchers use “double-blinded” studies to make sure that the results of the study are not influenced in any way. Patients were put into one of two treatment groups by chance alone. This is known as a “randomized” study. This is done to make the groups more similar for things like age and race. Reducing differences between the groups makes the groups more even to compare. Patients had a 50% chance (1 in 2 chances, like the flip of a coin) of getting either treatment. 

For four weeks, patients were checked (screened) to make sure they met all the requirements to be in the study. Then, patients were put into one of two groups and were given six cycles of treatment. Each cycle occurred every three weeks. After taking the study medicines, patients were followed by researchers for four weeks (follow-up phase) to see how they did after taking study medicines. 

While patients were only in the study for about seven months, the entire study took 17 months to complete. Pfizer ran this study at 46 locations in ten countries in Europe and the United States. It began on 23 September 2014 and ended on 09 March 2016. 226 women participated. One patient was randomized, but did not receive any study drug. All patients were between the ages of 24 and 79.

The diagram below shows what happened to patients in the study. Patients were supposed to be treated through six cycles of treatment. Of the 225 patients who got at least one cycle of treatment, 215 finished the study. Ten patients left before the study was over by their choice or because a doctor decided it was best for a patient to stop the study. 

When the study ended in March 2016, Pfizer began reviewing the information collected. Pfizer then created a report of the results. The following is a summary of that report.