This study compared two groups of patients to find out if patients with Persistent Pulmonary Hypertension of the Newborn (PPHN) or at risk of getting PPHN who received an infusion of sildenafil compared with patients given a placebo had: a lower treatment failure rate, and inhaled nitric oxide therapy for a shorter amount of time. A placebo does not have any medicine in it, but looks just like the medicine. Treatment failure was said to have occurred if the patient needed additional treatment for their PPHN or if they needed Extracorporeal Membrane Oxygenation (ECMO), or if the patient passed away. 

The study included patients who were four days old or younger and who had PPHN or Hypoxic Respiratory Failure (HRF) and who were at risk of getting PPHN. The PPHN could be of no known cause or could be due to meconium aspiration syndrome (breathing in fecal matter produced by the baby while in the womb), sepsis (blood poisoning caused by bacteria) or pneumonia (infection in the lungs caused by bacteria or a virus). 

The patients and researchers did not know who was given sildenafil and who was given placebo. This is known as a blinded study. Volunteers were assigned to each group by chance alone. This is done to make the groups more similar, which makes comparing the groups more fair. 

While patients were only in the main study for up to six weeks, this part of the study took over five and a half years to complete. Follow-up is continuing for an additional one and two years and this phase of the study is ongoing. The sponsor ran this study at 25 locations in 11 countries in Europe and North America. It began on August 05, 2013, and ended on December 31, 2019. A total of 33 boys and 26 girls participated. All patients were four days old or younger. 

Patients were to be treated for up to 14 days. Of the 59 patients who started the study, 46 finished the treatment phase. A total of 13 patients did not complete the treatment phase and this was their parent’s choice, because a doctor decided it was best for a patient to stop the study, or the patient passed away. Some of the patients who left the study still took part in the follow-up.

As of January 31, 2019, (the data cutoff date for the main report), the sponsor began reviewing the information collected. The sponsor then created a main report of the results. This is a summary of that report.