Streptococcus pneumoniae is a bacteria that can cause serious diseases, including infections 
of the lung (pneumonia), brain lining (meningitis), blood (bacteremia), or ear (otitis).  
These infections may be very serious in young children and older adults. Streptococcus 
pneumoniae is also known as S. pneumoniae. There are 100 types of S. pneumoniae.
This study is about a vaccine called the “20-valent pneumococcal conjugate vaccine”, 
or 20vPnC. A vaccine is used to help prevent infection by helping the body to fight 
off germs. 20vPnC may help to prevent infections caused by S. pneumoniae. It is called 
"20-valent" because 20vPnC is intended to prevent 20 of the most common types of 
S. pneumoniae.
20vPnC is an investigational vaccine, which means that it has not been approved for 
general use and it is not yet known if it will protect against disease caused by 
S. pneumoniae, although studies are ongoing to assess how well 20vPnC works.
After a vaccine is injected into a person’s body, the body responds to help fight 
infections and prevent diseases. The response to vaccines includes making 
“antibodies”, which are proteins that fight infections and help to prevent diseases.  
In the United States, 2 vaccines are currently approved for preventing S. pneumoniae 
diseases. Pneumovax 23 vaccine, or PPSV23, is an older vaccine made up of 
components to prevent diseases caused by 23 types of S. pneumoniae. It has some 
limitations. The “13-valent pneumococcal conjugate vaccine”, or 13vPnC, is made up 
of similar, but more active, components to prevent diseases caused by 13 types of 
S. pneumoniae. 20vPnC has the same components found in 13vPnC, plus 7 additional 
active components that may widen protection.
It is currently recommended that upon consultation with their health practitioner, 
adults 65 years and above in the United States receive 1 dose of 13vPnC, followed by 
1 dose of PPSV23 1 year later.
090177e195a822cb\Approved\Approved On: 02-Dec-2020 05:53 (GMT)
The purpose of this study was to learn about the safety and about the antibody 
response to 20vPnC.  
To learn about the antibody response, researchers asked this question:
- One month after receiving 20vPnC, did participants aged 65 or older who had 
previously received 13vPnC and/or PPSV23 have antibody responses against 
the 20 types of S. pneumoniae contained in the vaccine?
To learn about the safety of 20vPnC in adults aged 65 or older who previously 
received 13vPnC and/or PPSV23, researchers asked these questions:
- What percentage of participants had significant medical problems within 
1 month after being vaccinated?
- What percentage of participants had redness, swelling, or pain at the injection 
site within 10 days after being vaccinated?
- What percentage of participants had fever, headache, tiredness, muscle pain, or 
joint pain within 7 days after being vaccinated?
- What percentage of participants had newly diagnosed chronic medical 
problems or serious medical problems within 6 months after being vaccinated?