What is respiratory syncytial virus (RSV)?
Respiratory syncytial virus (RSV) is a virus that can cause an infection with symptoms
that are similar to a bad cold, such as cough, fever, sore throat, and runny nose. This
infection can be serious in older adults and in those with underlying medical
conditions. People with serious RSV infection may have trouble breathing and may
need to be hospitalized.
What is the RSV vaccine (RSVpreF)?
This study is about a vaccine called the respiratory syncytial virus vaccine, or
“RSVpreF.” A vaccine is used to help prevent infection by helping the body to fight
off germs. RSVpreF may be able to help prevent infections caused by RSV.
RSVpreF contains proteins found in the virus that may stimulate the body’s response
to make antibodies (known as the “immune response”), which may protect against
RSV disease. There is no live virus in RSVpreF.
In older adults, immune responses decrease with age, so vaccines may require
additional ingredients (known as “adjuvants”), which may improve the immune
response against infection.
RSVpreF used in this study contains either:
- RSVpreF on its own,
- or RSVpreF with aluminum hydroxide,
- or RSVpreF with aluminum hydroxide and CpG adjuvant
Vaccines containing aluminum hydroxide have been used safely in vaccines for more
than 70 years. Vaccines containing CpG have been given in research studies of other
vaccines, and CpG is included in a vaccine approved for use in the United States to
protect against hepatitis B (a liver virus infection).
090177e197c5163b\Approved\Approved On: 10-Aug-2021 06:15 (GMT)
RSVpreF is an investigational vaccine, which means that it has not been approved for
general use and it is not yet known if it will protect against disease caused by RSV.
This study is the first time that RSVpreF with CpG adjuvant has been tested in
people.
What was the purpose of this study?
The main purpose of this study was to learn about the safety of RSVpreF in healthy
older adults.
Researchers wanted to know:
- How many of the study participants:
o Had redness, swelling, or pain at the injection site within 14 days of their
first RSVpreF vaccination?
o Had nausea, vomiting, headache, muscle pain, joint pain, diarrhea,
tiredness, or fever within 14 days after their first RSVpreF vaccination?
o Had medical problems within 1 month after their first RSVpreF
vaccination?
o Had serious medical problems or medical problems that required
treatment from a doctor within 1 year after their first RSVpreF
vaccination?