The purpose of this research study was to compare the safety and effectiveness of 
PF-05280586 to currently approved and marketed rituximab for treatment of low 
tumor burden follicular lymphoma (also called LTB-FL). LTB-FL is a type of non-
Hodgkin's lymphoma (NHL). NHL is a type of cancer which starts in your lymphatic 
system (the disease fighting system). LTB-FL is not as aggressive and has a better 
prognosis (the likely outcome) than other types of NHL.
One of the most common treatments for LTB-FL is with a medication called 
rituximab (also called Rituxan® or MabThera®). Rituximab is given as a monotherapy 
for LTB-FL. Monotherapy means one medicine given without other medicines at the 
same time. Rituximab works by attaching to a protein called CD20. CD20 sits on the 
surface of B lymphocytes (a type of white blood cell). When rituximab binds to the 
CD20 protein it causes the B lymphocytes, including the cancerous ones, to die. 
Rituximab is a biologic medicine. Biologics can be made up of sugars, proteins, 
genetic material, human or non-human cells, and tissues (or groups of cells). 
Rituximab is a good first-line treatment option for LTB-FL as per treatment 
guidelines like the National Comprehensive Cancer Network (NCCN) guidelines.
PF-05280586 is another biologic medicine. PF-05280586 was made to be like 
Rituxan® or MabThera®. It was designed to have a similar structure and work in the 
same way that Rituxan® or MabThera® do. This type of medicine is known as a 
biosimilar. PF-05280586 was the investigational medicine in this study. An 
investigational medicine is one that is not approved for sale in any country. 
The table on the next page shows the differences between rituximab (the "biologic") 
and PF-05280586, (the medicine tested to see if it was a "biosimilar" to rituximab) in 
this study.
090177e19092857f\Approved\Approved On: 26-Mar-2019 02:57 (GMT)
Biologic Reference Product
Rituxan® and MabThera®
biologic reference products in this 
study.
Made up of sugars, proteins, genetic 
material, human or non-human cells, and tissues (or groups of 
cells).
Approved by a country's health 
authority for use.
Information is known about safety 
and effectiveness.