How was the study done?
Researchers tested VBIR -2 on a group of participants with advanced NSCLC or 
metastatic TNBC to learn about the tolerability and safety of this treatment .  This was 
done by looking first at the safety of the vaccine and booster compo nents of VBIR -2 
and then at what would happen when the third (tremelimumab) and fourth 
(sasanlimab) component of the VBIR -2 treatment were added .  This was Part 1 of the 
study.
The researchers also planned to look at the effect of VBIR -2 treatment followed by 
maintenance therapy in participants with NSCLC in Part 2 of the study .  The study 
was stopped before this could happen.Participants were split into groups and given injection sof the components of VBIR -2 
as shown in the following figure.The participants and researchers knew who took 
each type of study medication.  This is known as an “open -label” study. 
The cancer vaccine was given on Day 1 and then this was repeated 4 months later.  
The booster was given on Day 29 and then this treatment was repeated every 4 weeks
for up to 8 months .  Tremelimumab (if given) and sasanlimab (if given) were 
administered on Day 1 and then every 4weeks.  Treatment was to be continued for 
up to 8 months .  
Researchers took samples of blood from each participant during the study and
checked the participant ’shealth.  
Where did this study take place?
The Sponsor ran this study at 11 study locations in the United States (US) .
When did this study take place?
It began 27November 2018 and ended 27September 2021.
Who participated in this study?
The study included adult participants who had advanced NSCLC or metastatic TNBC 
that could not be treated using standard cancer treatment s, and had progressed.  This 
means the cancer had grown resistant and stopped responding to the treatment. 
A total of 12men participated
A total of 24women participated
All participants were between the ages of 39 and 82 years
Of the 36participants who started the study and were treated with VBIR -2, all 
36stopped treatment with VBIR -2.  Most participants stopped treatment because 
their cancer progressed, which means the cancer started to grow again .  Reasons for 
stopping VBIR -2 treatment were:
Cancer progressed (67%, or 24 out of 36 participants)
Overall health deteriorated or worsened (8%, or 3 out of 36 participants)
Passed away (8%, or 3 out of 36 participants), 
A medical problem meant that the participant or their doctor thought it was 
best for the participant to stop t reatment with VBIR -2(6%, or 2 out of
36participants)
Other reasons ( 6%, or 2 out of 36 participants)
Participant wanted to stop treatment (3%, or 1 out of 36 participants)
Sponsor stopped the study (3%, or 1 out of 36 participants)
How long did the study last?
Study participants were in the study for up to 14 months.  This included up to 
8months of treatment and 6 months of safety monitoring and health checks .  The entire study took 2years and 10months to complete.   The Sponsor stopped this study 
early due to a change in development strategy .
When the study ended in September 2021 , the Sponsor began reviewing the 
information collected.  The Sponsor then created a report of the results.  This is a 
summary of that report.