How was the study done?
Researchers tested 2 different regimens on a group of healthy male participants to 
learn how ervogastat was handled by the body :
At the beginning of the first period (Regimen A), p articipants took one 300 mg 
dose of radiolabeled ervogastat by mouth.
At the beginning of the second period (Regimen B), particip ants first took one 
300 mg dose of unlabeled ervogastat by mouth.  After 3 hours, t he participants 
then received one 100 microgram (µg) dose of radiolabeled ervogastat by
injection into a vein orintravenously (IV).
Researchers took samples of blood , urine , and feces from participants during the 
study and measured the amount of ervogastat and its metabolites .Researchers also 
checked the participants’ health during the study and asked them how they were 
feeling. A diagram of the study design is shown on the next page.This study was an “open -label” study. An open -label study means that the participants 
and researchers knew what wasbeing given to each participant during the study .
Where did this study take place?
The Sponsor ran this study at 1sitein the United States of America .
When did this study take place?
It began on 11 May 2021 and ended on06 August 2021 .
Who participated in this study?
The study included healthy male participants who met the inclusion/exclusion criteria 
for things such as age, body weight, and body mass index (BMI) .
A total of 6men participated
Nowomen participated
All participants were between the ages of 25and 61years
Of the 6participants who started the study, all 6finished the study. Noparticipants 
left before the study was over by their choice or a doctor decided it was best for a 
participant to stop being in the study.
How long did the study last?
Study participants were in the study for around 8 weeks .  The entire study took 
around 3 months to complete.
When the study ended in August 2021 , the Sponsor began reviewing the information 
collected.  The Sponsor then created a report of the results.  This is a summary of that 
report.