All patients in this study received talazoparib .  The researchers wanted to find out if a 
patient’s previous breast cancer treatment could change the way talazoparib was able 
to treat the tumor.  Some patients with cancer are given chemotherapy with drugs 
containing platinum while others are given chemotherapy with drugs that do not 
contain platinum.  This study included 2 different groups of patients previously 
treate d for breast cancer as shown in the table below.  The patients in both of these 
groups ha d breast cancer that wa s advanced and difficult to treat.  
Description of Treatment Groups  
Group  Previous Treatment for Breast Cancer  Number of 
Patients Treateda 
1 Prior c hemotherapy with drug s containing platinum 
(platinum -based therapy)  like cisplatin  or carboplatin.   
Patients initially responded to treatment , and while 
the cancer came back, this occurred more than 
8 weeks  after last dose of platinum -therapy  48b 
2 Prior chemotherapy with 3 or more  courses of 
treatment with drugs like docetaxel, paclitaxel, 
doxorubicin, capecitabine, vinorelbine, or eribulin that 
are not based on a platinum drug .   
Note:  Use of a platinum -based therapy before or 
after surgery was allowed providing the cancer did not 
return within 6  months of the last platinum dose  35 
a 84 patients originally joined this study, but 1 patient left before receiving treatment and only 
83 patients were treated with talazoparib  
b This group originally contained 49 patients as it included the patient who left the study before 
receiving talazoparib .  
 
The study included patients who : 
• Were 18  years or older 
• Had breast cancer that was advanced and not suitable for radiotherapy or surgery 
or had “metastatic disease”, which is when the cancer has spread to other parts of 
the body  
• Inherited the BRCA 1 or BRCA 2 gene mutation    
 4  
 
Patients joined the study at 1 of 34 sites in the U nited States (US), United Kingdom  
(UK) , France, Germany , and Spain.  The study began on 13 December 2013 when the 
first patient had their first visit.  All patients were aged between 31 years and 75 years,  
and nearly all were women.  There were 2 men treated in the study, with 1 in each 
group.  There were originally 84 patients who joined the study, but 1 patient left 
before receiving treatment with talazoparib. A total of 83 patients were treated  with 
talazoparib in this study  until their doctor determined their cancer was getting worse, 
the side effects were too severe, the patient decided they wanted to leave the study, or 
the study was closed by the Sponsor .  The main reason patients treated with 
talazoparib left the study was because they passed away (81%, or 67 out of the 
83 treated  patients) .  
 
 5 As of 01 September 2016  (the data c utoff date for the full report), 10 patients from 
the group previously treated with platinum -based treatment  (21%, or 10 out of the 
48 treated patients) and 16 patients from the group previously treated with 3  or more 
chemotherapy courses with non- platinum  drugs (46%, or 16 out of the 35  treated 
patients) were still in the study but were “off -treatment” and not taking  talazoparib.  
In addition, 5 patients f rom the group previously treated with platinum -based 
treatment (10%, or 5 out of 48  treated  patients) and 4 patients from the group 
previously treated with 3  or more chemotherapy courses with non- platinum drugs  
(11%, or 4 out of 35  treated patients) were “on -treatment” and taking  talazoparib.  
These on -treatment patients were followed until 31 October 2018 , when the study 
was closed early by the Sponsor .  At the time the study ended, 2 o ut of these 
9 patients were continuing to receive talazoparib  treatment .  As these 2  patients were 
benefitting from talazoparib,  the Sponsor transferred them into another study so they 
could continue this treatment .   
Data collected up to 01  September  2017 were reviewed by the Sponsor and used to 
write a report.  This is a summary of the information included in the report on how  
talazoparib was able to treat br east cancer.  Data collected up until 31  October  2018 , 
when the  Sponsor closed the study , were analyzed in a s upplementary safety report.  
The main findings of the safety report are  summarized in this document.