This study compare d 2 g roups of patients to learn more about switching from 
Epogen to Retacrit .  
All patients in this study were adults with anemia and chronic kidney disease who 
were receiving a treatment called dialysis.  Dialysis is used to remove extra water and 
waste from the body when the kid neys don’t work well.  At the time the study started, 
all patients were also receiving Epogen.   
The first group of patients continued receiving Epogen throughout the study.  There 
were 206patients in this group.  The second group of patients stopped taki ng Epogen 
and took Retacrit throughout the study.   There were 212 patients in this group.
Both Epogen and Retacrit were given as an injection.  Study doctors used a standard 
formula to determine the appropriate dose of Epogen or Retacrit for each patient.
Patients were picked for each treatment by chance alone. This is known as a 
“randomized” study.  Randomized studies are done to make the treatment groups 
more similar for thi ngs like age and the number of men and women .  Reducing 
differences between the groups makes comparing the groups more fair. Both the 
researchers and the patients knew who was receiving which study treatment.
Each p atient in th isstudy was supposed to be treated for about 24weeks .However, 
it took about 1 year for all the patients to complete the study. Patients join ed the 
study at 46 locations in the United States and Puerto Rico.  It began 13July2015 and 
ended 16July2016.  A total of 234 men and 184 women participated.  Patients were 
between 21 and 94 years old.
Patients were supposed to come to the study center 9times for visits .Of the
418patients who joined the study and received study treatment, 314 patients finished 
the study. 104patients did not finish the study by their own choice ,because they had 
a medical problem, or because a doctor decided it was best for a patient to stop the 
study.
The figure on the following page shows what happened during the study.
090177e18f333f93\Approved\Approved On: 28-Aug-2018 05:41 (GMT)
4When the study ended in July 2016 , the Sponsor began reviewing the informa tion 
collected.  The Sponsor then created a report of the results.  This is a summary of that 
report.