This study compared 2 groups of participant s to find out if participant s given the 
20vPnC vaccine followed by placebo reacted differently compared to participant s 
given the comparator vaccine  of 13vPnC  followed by PPSV23 .  A placebo d oes not 
have any vaccine  in it, but it looks just  like the study vaccine .  A comparator is usua lly 
a licensed drug or vaccine this is similar to the one being tested in the clinical study.  
The study included adult participant s, aged between 60 and 64 years , who had not 
previously been vaccinated with a  pneumococcal vaccine (13vPnC  or PPSV23) . 
This trial was “double -blinded”.  This means that participant s and doctors did not 
know which participant  received 20vPnC and placebo vaccines or the comparator 
vaccine 13vPnC and PPSV23 .  This was done to make sure that the clinical study 
results were not influenced in any way.  Participant s were put into 1 of the 2 vaccine 
groups by chance alone.  This is known as a “randomized” study.  This is done to 
make the groups more similar .  Reducing differences between the groups (like age or 
the number of men and women), makes the groups more even to compare.  
While participant s were only in the study for 12 months , the entire study took around 
14 months to complete.  The Sponsor ran this s tudy at  14 locations in the United 
States .  It began on 10  October 2017 and ended on 10  December  2018.  There were 
195 men and 248  women who participated.  All participant s were between the ages of 
60 and 64 years.  
Participant s were given 1 injection of v accine (20vPnC or 13vPnC ) at the s tart of the 
study  (Vaccination 1)  and a second injection of vaccine (placebo or PPSV23) 
approximately 1  month later  (Vaccination 2).  The participants had their h ealth 
check ed and blood samples were collected before Vaccination 1 and before 
Vaccination 2.  The participant s then returned to the study center for further 
assessments and for  blood sample s to be collect ed 1 month after Vaccination  2.  
Participant s then had their hea lth checked by telephone 6  months after Vaccination  1.  
The participant s returned to the study center for the final assessments and for b lood 
sample s to be collect ed 12 months after Vaccination  1.    
 
 4 When the participant s visited the study center for Vaccin ation 1, they were given an 
electronic diary ( e-diary ).  They were asked to record information about redness, 
swelling, or pain at the injection site within 10 days after V accination  1 in the e -diary .  
The participant s were also to use the e-diary to record information about fever, 
tiredness, headache, muscle pain, and/or pain in the joints as well as any medicines 
taken to treat pain or fever within 7 days after V accination  1.   
 
a Of the 221 participant s given 20vPnC, 22 0 completed the e -diary after V accination  1. 
 
Of the 444 participant s who started the study, t here were 443 participant s who 
received the first vaccine and 1 participant  who did not receive Vaccination 1.   There 
were 427 participant s who then went on to receive the second vaccine  and 
16 participant s who did not receive Vaccination 2  (8 in the placebo group and 8 in the 
PPSV23 group) .  There were 404 participant s who finished th is 12-month study.  
There were 40 participant s who did not finish the study and these participant s left 
before the study was over by their choice or a doctor decided it was best for a 
participant  to stop being in the study.  
When the study ended in December 2018 , the Sponsor began reviewing the 
information collected.  The Sponsor then created a r eport of the results.  This is a 
summary of that report. 
 
 
 5