How was the study done?
Researchers studied 2 groups of study participants.  Group 1 received injections of 
20vPnC and SIIV at the same visit, followed by an injection of saline (a mix of salt 
and water) 1 month later.  Group 2 received injections of SIIV and saline at the same 
visit, followed by a separate injection of 20vPnC 1month later.  The saline injections 
were given so that the participants and researchers did not know who was in each 
treatment group.  This is known as a “blinded” study. Study participants were first 
sorted according to whether they hadever had a vaccine for S. pneumoniae , and then 
assigned to each group by chance alone.
Group 1: 895 participants received a study vaccine
Group 2: 896 participants received a study vaccine
Participants were first screened by medically -qualified study staff to make sure they 
met the requirements to join the study.  Participants were in the study for about 
7months, and were expected to attend 4 study visits during this time.  At these visits,
participants had their blood drawn, received study injections, and were monitored for 
any medical problems.
The figure below shows what happened during the study.Where did this study take place? 
The Sponsor ran this study at 66 locations in the Uni ted States.
When did this study take place?
It began 01 September 2020 and ended 29 June 2021 .
Who participated in this study?
The study included men and women 65 years and older.  Study participants:
Were examined by the study doctor and determined to be appropriate for study 
participation
Had either never received a vaccine for S. pneumoniae , or had received their last 
vaccine for S. pneumoniae at least 6 months before starting the study
Had received their last flu vaccine at least 6 months before startin g the study 
Were not allergic to any of the ingredients in the study vaccines
A total of 812 men (45%) participated
A total of 979 women (55%) participated
All participants were between the ages of 65 and 103 years.  
A total of 1796 participants joined the study, and 1791 participants (more than 99%) 
received at least 1 study vaccine.  1727 participants (96%) completed the study.  A 
total of 69 participants (4%) left the study early for the following reasons:
2 participants (less than 1%) had a medical problem
5 participants (less than 1%) passed away
18 participants (1%) were “lost to follow -up” (stopped participating in the 
study and could not be reached)
16 participants (1%) no longer met the criteria to participate in the study
4 participants (less than 1%) were withdrawn from the study due to an 
unplanned variation from the study design
21 participants (1%) chose to leave the study early
3 participants (less than 1%) left the study early for other reason s
How long did the study las t?
Study participants were in the study for up to 7 months.  The entire study took about 
10months to complete.  
When the study ended in June 2021, the Sponsor began reviewing the information 
collected.  The Sponsor then created a report of the results.  This is a summary of that 
report.