How was the study done?
At the start of the study , participants were taking an opioid daily for MBP .  When 
they began a study treatment ,they kept on taking opioids at the same time.
What were the study treatments?
Tanezumab 20 mg
Tanezumab 10 mg
“Placebo”
A placebo does not have any medicine in it, but it looks just like tanezumab .
The participants and researchers did not know who were given tanezumab and who 
were given the placebo.  This is known as a “blinded” study.  Participants were 
assigned to agroup by ch ance alone.
Tanezumab 20 mg group: 72 participants were given tanezumab 20 mg.
Tanezumab 10 mg group:   9 participants were given tanezumab 10 mg.
In the middle of study, t he sponsor removed the tanezumab 10 mg group.
Tanezumab 10/20 mg group:   1 participant was first given tanezumab 10 mg, 
but was later switched to tanezumab 20mg.
Placebo group: 74 participants were given placebo.
Researchers compared the results of participants taking tanezumab to the results of 
those taking a placebo.The figure below shows what happened during the study.
Figure 1.  What were the 3 parts of the study?
Screening Period:
Lasted up to 37 daysTreatment Period:
Lasted 24 weeksFollow -up Period:
Lasted 24 weeks
Study doctors and staff :
checked the participants’ 
health and did tests to 
find out who could join 
the study.
made sure the opioid dose
helped to partly lessen 
MBP of participants .
check ed if participants 
could endure the side 
effect sof the opioid dose.Participants were given a
study treatment once every 
8weeks for a total of 3 times.
Study treatments:
Tanezumab 20 mg
Tanezumab 10 mg
PlaceboParticipants were 
nolonger taking a 
study treatment .
They had check -ups 
by phone calls and 
clinic visits.
Through outthe study :
Participants took an opioid daily for MBP.  They took opioids by mouth or as a skin 
patch. They kept a record of their pain scores and medicines taken in a diary.  They 
answered survey questions about their MBP .
Study doctors or staff checked the participa nts’ health.  They asked participants how 
they were feeling and what medicines they were taking.  They took X -rays of the 
participants’ hips, knees, and shoulders.
Where did this study take place?
The Sponsor ran this study at 48 study site s in 15 countries.  The countries were in 
Asia, Europe, South America ,and Australia .
When did this study take place?
It began 28 October 2015 and ended 25 June 2021.
Who took part in this study?
The study included adults who were at least 18 years old.  They all had cancer with 
bone metastasis.  The participants were taking an opioid every day to treat MBP.  
But,opioids gave them poor pain relief.
A total of 86men and 69women took part.
All par ticipants were between 30 and 86 years old.
Out of 156 participants who started the study :
1 participant left the study before starting any study treatment .
155 participants were given a study treatment .  Out of the 155 participants:
o65 participants finished the study.
o90 participants did not finish the study.  This was because of medical 
problems, death, or other reasons.   Most of the deaths were due to 
cancer that had gotten worse.
How long did the study last?
Participants were in the study for 48 w eeks.  The entire study too k 5 years and 
8months to complete.
When the study ended in June 2021, the Sponsor began reviewing the information 
collected.  The Sponsor then created a report of the results.  This is a summary of that 
report.