How was the study done?
Researchers tested palbociclib (test medicine) combined with letrozole on a group of 
study participants with advanced breast cancer to find out if it provided a longer PFS 
than study participants with advanced breast cancer taking placebo plus letrozole.  A 
description of the how the study was done can be seen in Figure 1 below.
Figure 1.  A description of how the study was do ne.
After the last dose of palbociclib treatment , study p articipants were contacted by the 
study team every 6 months to asked about:
Any changes in the health of the participant
Any medications the participant was taking
Study participants were assigned to each group by chance alone.  Neither the study 
participants nor the researchers knew who took palbociclib and who took the 
placebo. This is known as a “blinded” study. 
Where did this study take place?
The Sponsor ran this study at 52 locations across Mainland China, Hong Kong, 
Taiwan, Thailand, and Singapore.
090177e1978c0819\Approved\Approved On: 19-Jul-2021 02:52 (GMT)
When did this study take place?
It began 23 March 2015, and the primary completion date was 31 August 2020.  
Primary completion date corresponds to the date when the last participant was 
examined or received treatment and that results for the main results were collected.  
This study is ongoing.
Who participated in this study?
The study included participants with advanced breast cancer, who were between the 
ages of 18 and 70 years, had already experienced menopause, and had not received 
any systemic treatment for their advanced disease.
A total of 340 women participated and 339 women were treated in this study
All participants were between the ages of 29 and 70 years
Participants were to be treated until disease progression, death or unable to tolerate 
the treatment, or withdrawal of consent, whichever occurred first .  PFS was 
determined based on the disease progression or death of study participants .  Of the 
340participants who started the study, 138 are still participating in the study.
Two hundred and ninety participants discontinued the study treatment because
The participant died
The participant was lost to follow -up
The participant ’s cancer got worse
The partici pant experienced medical problems
The p articipants left by their choice or a doctor decided it was best for a 
participant to stop being in the study
How long did the study last?
The entire study took 5 years to the primary completion date, the study is still 
ongoing.   However, when the primary completion point was reached in August 2020, 
the Sponsor began reviewing the information collected.  The Sponsor then created a 
report of the results.  This is a summary of that report.
090177e1978c0819\Approved\Approved On: 19-Jul-2021 02:52 (GMT)