How was the study done?  
Researchers tested  crizotinib  on group s of study participants to find out about 
medical problems in s tudy participants .  Researchers then compared the results 
between study participants who took crizotinib at different doses.  The study 
participants and researchers knew  who took  what dose of crizotinib.  This is known as 
an “open- label” study.  Participants with a range of cancer types were included in this 
study so that the researcher could see if the type of cancer  made a difference.   
The dose that the first small group of participants was given was 50  milligrams  (mg) 
of crizotinib once a day for 28 days.  The next small group of participants were given 
a slightly higher dose o f crizotinib and the researchers watched for medical problems .  
This was then repeated for 5 small group s of participants  in the low dose group and 
5 small gro ups of participants in the high dose group:    
• In the low dose group, t he dose of crizotinib was increased from 50 mg once a 
day to 100 mg once a day to 200 mg once a day and then to 200 mg twice a day 
to 250 mg twice a day , and finally to 300 mg twice a day.   
• In the high dose group, the dose of crizotinib was increased from 300  mg once 
a day to 400 mg once a day to 500 mg once a day to 650  mg once a day , and 
finally to 800 mg once a day.   
For each participant  in this part of the study , the 28 days after the first dose were 
called Cycle 1, and the next 28 days were called Cycle 2, etc.  Treatment with 
crizotinib was to be continued in 28 -day cycles for all participants unless the 
participant developed any severe medical problems . 
The way tha t the doses of crizotinib were gradually increased is called “ dose 
escalation”.  The researchers did this to find out what was the highest or maximum 
amount of crizotinib that could be given before the  participants had too many medical 
problems.  This dose  is known as the “maximum tolerated dose” or MTD.    
The researchers used the information they collected on medical problems to work out 
the MTD for crizotinib .   
Taking more than one drug at the same  time as another , may mean that one or more 
of these medicines does not work as well as they should  or could cause  additional  
medical problems , or there may be no  change in the way th at the drugs  behave in the 
body .  As people with cancer often take many different  drugs, the researchers wanted 
to see if taking crizotinib with other drugs would cause any new medical problems or 
increase the number of medical problems seen in the study.  This type of study is known as a  “drug- drug interaction ” study .  
To investigate drug -drug interactions, t he researchers gave the next small group of 
new participants  a dose of crizotinib that was slightly lower than the MTD, crizotinib 
at the MTD , or at a dose of crizotinib that was slightly higher than the MTD .  These 
participants were also given midazolam  on Day 1 of  Cycle 2 .  Midazolam is a 
medicine that helps with sleep or anxiety and may be given to people with cancer .  It 
is also a medicine that pote ntially could  interact with crizotinib.  
The researchers also wanted to see what would happen when other medicines were 
given with crizotinib .  In a second small group of new participants, the participants 
were given crizotinib at the MTD as well as rifampin  for part of Cycle 1.  A third 
small group of new participants  were given crizotinib at the MTD as well as 
itraconazole  for part Cycle 1 .  Rifampin and itracon azole are  medicine s used to treat 
infections and may be given to people with cancer .  It is also a medicine that 
potentially could interact with crizotinib.  
Treatment with crizotinib was to be continued in 28 -day cycles for all participants in 
the drug-drug interaction  groups unless the participant developed any severe medical 
problems.  
The researchers also gave the MTD of crizotinib to participants with different types 
of cancer.  Th is included participants with ALK -negative NSCLC  as well as other 
types of NSCLC ( MET -amplified NSCLC, ROS 1-positive NSCLC, ALK -positive 
NSCLC, MET Exon -14 positive NSCLC, and other cancers).  Participants with  
ALK -negative NSCLC were given the MTD  twice a day in a 21 -day cycle instead of 
the usual 28 -day cycle.  All other participants in this part of the study were given the 
MTD  twice a day in a 28 -day cycle.  Treatment with crizotinib was  continued in either 
21- or 28 -day cycles unless the  participant  developed  any severe medical problems . 
Where did this study take place?   
The Sponsor ran this study at  16 locations in  4 countries (the US, Japan, South Korea , 
and Australia) . 
When did this study take place?  
It began on 19  April  2006 and was ongoing on 30  July 2020.  
Who participated in this study?  
The study included adult participants who had advanced cancer that was not 
responding to their current treatment.  
• A total of 285 men participateda 
• A total of 281 women participateda 
• All participants were between the ages of 18 and 91 yearsa, and m ost were white  
• The majority of participants had either previously smoked  or had never 
smoked  and there were very few who were current smokers . 
a There were no updated results provided in the final study report for the 12 participants treated with crizotinib 
and midazolam in the drug -drug interaction  group.  These data were reported in 2011 and are not discussed in 
this summary.   
Of the 578  participants who started the study and were treated, 576 stopped treatment 
with crizotinib and left the study.  These participants left before the study was over by choice or the doctor discussed the options with the participant , and they decided it 
was best for a participant to stop being in the study , or the participant passed away .  
There were 2 participants who were still in the study on 30 July 2020 when data were 
collected for the final report.   
 
a Participants were treated until their cancer got worse, they developed unacceptable medical problems, until they chose 
to stop treatment, or the doctor discussed the options with the participant , and they decided it was best for the 
participant to stop be ing in the study , or the  participant  passed away.  
b There were no updated results provided in the final study report for the 12 participants treated with crizotinib and 
midazolam in the drug -drug interaction s group.  These data were reported in 2011 and ar e not discussed in this 
summary.  Data for the 18  participants treated with crizotinib and rifampin and the 18 participants treated with 
crizotinib and itraconazole are included in this summary.   
 
How long did the study last?  
Study participants were in the study until they were no longer able to continue in the 
study or were unwilling to participate.   The entire study over 14 years  to complete  and 
2 participants were still in the study as of 30 July 2020 . 
In July 2020, the Sponsor began reviewing the information collected  up to 30 July 2020 .  
The Sponsor then created a report of the final results  of this study .  This is a summary 
of that report.