This study compared 2  groups of patients who had SCD to find out if patients given 
rivipansel spen t less time in the hospital before they were ready to be discharged than  
patients given  a “placebo ”.  A placebo does not have any medicine in it but it looks 
just like the medicine.  
The study included patients who  were admitted to hospital  for treatment of a VOC 
and needed “intravenous” opioids  to provide pain relief .  Intravenous means the drug 
is given into a vein.   
The patients and researchers did not know who was given rivipansel and who w as 
given  placebo.  This is known as a “blinded” stu dy.  Patients who opted to join the 
study were assigned to each group  randomly ( by chance alone ) making this a  
 3 “randomized ” study.  Randomization allows researchers to better compare the 
2 treatment groups (rivipansel versus placebo) . 
 
While individual patients  were only in the study for up to 43 days ( up to 8 days of 
treatment with rivipansel or placebo while in the hospital followed by safety 
assessments for up to 35  days after discharge),  the entire study took  4 years to 
complete.  The Sponsor ran this study at 62  locations in the United States and 
Canada.   It began on 17  June 2015 and ended on 27 June 2019 .  162  men or boys and 
183 women or girls participated.  All patients who participated were between the ages 
of 6 and 59 years.   
Patie nts were to be treated with up to  15 doses of rivipansel or placebo , which was 
given every 12 hours.  Treatment was  stopped when a  patient was  ready to be 
discharged from the hospital .  There were 345 patients who were randomized and 
started the study and 320 patients who received at least 1 dose of study treatment .  
 
 4 Of these 320 patients, 257 patients completed study treatment and then completed 
the study - 35 patients discontinued study treatment early, either  by their own choice 
or because a doctor deci ded it was best for them  to stop the study , and 28  patients 
who completed study treatment did not complete the study.    
When the study ended in June 2019 , the S ponsor began reviewing the infor mation 
collected.  The S ponsor then cr eated a report of the results.  This is a summary of that 
report.