How was the study done?
This study had 2 phases: a dose -finding and anti-tumour phase.  The dose -finding 
phase also had two parts: different dose combinations of two pairs of the medications 
and different dose combinations of all 3 medications.
The combinations o f medications for each of the parts of the study were:
Dose -finding phase:
o2medications
800mg avelumab (1 time every other week)
and 45mg binimetinib (2 times every day , every other week )
800mg avelumab (1 time every other week) 
and30mg binimetinib (2 times every day ,every other week )
45mg binimetinib (2 times every day , every other week )
and 0.75 mg talazoparib (1 time every day , every other week )
30mg binimetinib (2 times every day , every other week ) 
and 0.75 mg talazoparib (1 time every day, every other week)
o3medications (planned, but not done)
Anti-tumour phase (plan ned, but not done)
In the dose -finding phase of the study, researchers tested the combination of 
avelumab and binimetinib orthe combination of binimetinib and talazoparib on a 
090177e198ba74f9\Approved\Approved On: 30-Nov-2021 02:39 (GMT)
group of study participants to find out if study participants had medical problems that 
could be the result of taking the medications at the same time. 
It was planned that groups of participants would take avelumab and binimetinib or 
binimetinib and talazoparib. When a safe dose was found, new participants would 
enter the study and take avelumab, binimetinib, and talazoparib together .  However, 
thisstudy was stopped before any participants joined the dose finding part with all 
3drugs taken together. The anti -tumor phase of the study was also not done.
The study participants and researchers knew who took avelumab and binimetinib and 
who took talazoparib and binimetinib.  This is known as an “open label” study.  
The sponsor ended this study during the 2-medication part of the dose -finding phase 
because it was not likely the dose levels the researchers wanted to use would be
reached .  
090177e198ba74f9\Approved\Approved On: 30-Nov-2021 02:39 (GMT)
Where did this study take place? 
The Sponsor ran this study at 10 locations in 3 countries in Asia, Europe, and 
North America.
When did this study take place?
It began on 15 August 2018 and ended on 02 February 2021.
Who participated in this study?
The study included participants who were at least 18 years old, had been diagnosed 
with mPDAC that had worsened following prior treatment , had at least 1 tumour that 
could be measured by doctor, and did not have other major health concerns.
A total of 19 men participated
A total of 16 women participated
All participants were between the ages of 42 and 83 years old
Most partic ipants stopped taking the study medications because their disease got 
worse.  All 35 participants stopped being in the study ,mostly because they died, by 
their choice, or they were still in the study when it was ended early by the sponsor .
How long did the study last?
Study participants received study treatment until their cancer got worse , they had 
serious medical problems that did not allow continued treatment with one or both of 
the study drug s,or by their choice .  The entire study ranover 29 months before it was 
ended early by the sponsor .
When the study was ended early by the sponsor in February 2021, the Sponsor began 
reviewing the information collected.  The Sponsor then created a report of the results.  
This is a summary of that r eport.