This study compared 2  groups of patients to find out if patients with PPHN or at risk 
of getting PPHN who received an infusion  of sildenafil compared with patients giv en 
“placebo ” had: 
• A lower “treatment failure rate”, and  
• Inhaled nitric oxide therapy for a shorter amount of time .   
A placebo does not have any medicine in it, but looks just like the medicine.  
Treatment failure was said to have occurred if the patient needed additional treatment 
for their PPHN or if they needed ECMO , or if the patient passed away.   
The study included patients who were 4 days old or younger and who had PPHN or HRF and who were a t risk of getting PPHN .  The PPHN could be o f no known 
cause or could be due to “meconium aspiration syndrome ” (breathing in fecal matter 
produced by the baby while in the womb) , “sepsis” (blood poisoning caused by 
bacteria) or “pneumonia ” (infection in the lungs caused by bacteria or a virus) .   
The patients and researchers did not know who was given sildenafil  and who was 
given placebo.  This is known as a “blinded” stu dy.  Volunteers were assigned to each 
group  by chance alone.  This is done to make the groups more similar, which makes 
comparing the groups more fair.   
 
 
 4 While patients  were only in the main study for up to 6  weeks, th is part of th e study 
took over 5  and a half years to complete.  Follow -up is continuing for  an additional 1 
and 2 years and this phase of the study is ongoing . The sponsor ran this study at 
25 locations in 11 countries in Europe and North America .  It began on 
05 August  2013  and ended on 31  December  2019.  A total of 33  boys and 26 girls 
participated.  All pat ients were 4  days old or younger.   
Patients were to be treated for up to 14  days.  Of the  59 patients who started the 
study, 46 finished the treatment phase.   A total of 13  patients did not complete the 
treatment phase and this  was their parent’s choice , because a doctor decided it was 
best for a patient to stop the study , or the patient passed away.   Some of the patients 
who left the study still took part in the follow -up. 
As of 31 January 2019 (the data cutoff date for the main report) , the S ponsor began 
reviewing the infor mation collected.  The S ponsor then cr eated a main report of the 
results.  This is a summary of that report.