This study compared a single group  of patients to find out  if 18F-NaF PET -CT 
imaging could be used to look at  treatment response in metasta tic bone tumors  in 
patients taking enzalutamide .  
The study included patients who ha d castration -resistant prostate cancer w ith 
metastatic bone tumors  and who were “chemo therapy naïve in this setting ”.  This  
 3 means that the p atient  must not have been previously treated with chemotherapy for 
their castration -resistant prostate cancer .   
While patients were only in the study for up to 36 months , the entire study took 
3 years and 5 months to complete.  The Sponsor ran this study at 3  locations in the 
United States.   It began on 07 December 2015 and ended 03  May 2019.  A total of 
23 men participated.  All patients were between the ages of 51 and 93 years.  
Patients were to be initially treated until Week 13 and  have Scan 1 performed at 
screening  and Scan 2 at Week 13.   At th e Week 13 visit, the doctor decided if the 
patient’s enzalutamide treatment was to be stopped due to “disease progression”, 
which means the cancer was getting worse, or if enzalutamide could be continued.  
Disease progression could be determined by looking at scans or from the patient’s 
symptoms.  If disease progression occurred  either at Week 13 or after this time- point , 
the patient was removed from the study.  If the patient was removed from the study 
after Week 13, Scan 3 was performed .  Patients who remained in the study and were 
treated with enzalutamide beyond Week  13 were regularly monitored .  In patients 
with no disease progression, the  final Scan 3 was performed 2 years after the patient 
had first start ed treatment with enzalutamide .  The doc tor could also stop a patient’s 
enzalutamide treatment during the study if the patient had medical problems that they could not tolerate like feeling too tired all the time or if their blood pressure was too 
high.  
 
 
 4 Of the  23 patients who started the study  and had Scan 1 , 20 patients had Scan 1 and 
Scan 2, 22  patients h ad Scan 1 and Scan 3, and 20 patients had a ll 3 scans. 16 patients 
left before the study was over by their choice or a doctor decided it was best for the  
patient to stop the study , 1 pat ient left because of medical problems, and 1 patient 
passed away. There were 5 patients who were transferred by their doctor to an 
extension study so they could continue enzalutamide treatment.  
When the study ended in May 2019 , the S ponsor began reviewing the infor mation 
collected.  The S ponsor then cr eated a report of the results. This is a summary of that 
report.