This study compared 2groups of patients to find out if patients taking enzalutamide
went longer without their prostate cancer spreading to other parts of the body or 
dying from any cause ,compared to patients taking a placebo.  A placebo does not 
have any medicine in it, but looks just like the medicine. 
The study included patients who :
Were a t least 18 years old ,
Were d iagnosed with pr ostate cancer that had not spread to other parts of the 
body (also called “non -metastatic”) ,
Were c urrently taking drugs that stop the testi cles from making testosterone , or 
have had both testicles removed by surgery,
Had prostate cancer that was getting w orse, and
Were n ot feeling any s ymptom s of prostate cancer (also called 
“asymptomatic”).
The patients and researchers did not know who took enzalutamide and who took the 
placebo.  This is known as a “blinded” stu dy.  Patients were assigned to each group by
chance alone .  This is known as a “randomized” study.  This is done to make the 
groups more similar, which makes comparing the groups more fair. Twice as many 
patients were assigned to take enzalutamide compared to placebo.
Each patient in the study took either 160 mg of enzalutamide or placebo capsules by 
mouth once daily.  Patients who were taking drugs that stop the testicles from making 
testosterone continued to take these drugs during the study.  The patients were 
checke d every 16 weeks to see if their prostate cancer had started to spread.  This was 
done by a bone scan (to check for cancer in the bones) , followed by either a CT scan 
or an MRI scan (to check for cancer in the rest of the body).  The figure below shows 
what happened during the study.
090177e192787ea2\Approved\Approved On: 18-Dec-2019 08:19 (GMT)
4The sponsor ran this study at 254locations in 32countries in North and South 
America, Europe, Australia, and Asia .  It began on 26 November 2013 and is ongoing.   
A total of 1401 men participated in this trial .  All patients were between the ages of 
50and 95. 
Patients were to be treated until their prostate cancer got worse or until their doctor 
decided that they needed to start a different therapy for their prostate cancer . Patients 
may also have stopped taking enzalutamide if they had a serious medical problem.  Of 
the1401 patients who started the study, 1395 received at least 1 dose of enzalutamide 
or placebo .  As of June 2017, 206patients had left the study .  A total of 41 patients 
left before the study was over by their choice or a doctor decided it was best for a 
patient to stop the study.
When the study data was collected in June 2017 , the Sponsor began reviewing the 
infor mation collected.  The Sponsor then cr eated a r eport of the data collected up to 
that point in time . This is a summary of that report. Data collected after June 2017 is 
not part of this report.