How was the study done?  
Researchers tested  crisaborole ointment  on a group of study participants to find out if 
study participants treated with crisaborole had fewer symptoms of mild to moderate 
atopic dermatitis than participants who used a vehicle ointment .  Researchers also 
wanted to see what would happen when hydrocortisone butyrate cream or 
pimecrolimus cream were used by participants instead of crisaborole ointment or 
vehicle ointment .   
Participants went to the study center  to be screened by the study doctor to make sure 
they were able to join the study.  This was known as the “screening period” and thi s 
lasted up to 35 days.  Pa rticipants then entered the treatment period, which started on 
Day 1 and lasted 28  days.  During the treatment period, participants (or their parents 
or caregivers if the participant was a child) were to apply the ointment or cream twice 
a day to an area or areas of skin affected by the atopic dermatitis.   
The study participants and researchers did not know who used the crisaborol e 
ointment  and who used the vehicle ointment .  Study participants  would have been 
able to tell if they were given an ointment instead of one of the “ comparator ” creams  
as the treatment would have felt different .  A comparator treatment is usually a 
treatment that is commonly given to participants with the disease being investigated.  
In this study, hydrocortisone butyrate cream and pimecrolimus cream were the  
comparator creams.  T he study doctors who looked at the pa rticipant’s skin to assess 
how the treatment was working did not know what treatment each participant had 
been given.  This is known as a n “assessor blinded” study.  Study participants were 
assigned to treatment with crisaborole ointment, vehicle ointment , or the comparator 
treatment by chance alone.   This was done to make sure that the study results were 
not influenced in any way.   
Each participant visited the study center on Day 1, Day 8, Day 15, Day 22, and 
Day 29 for the study doctors to assess their atopic dermatitis and their general health.  
Participants were not treated on or after Day 29 but  were to remain in the study until 
Day 60.  The participants vis ited the study center on Day 43 for the final study 
assessments.  If the par ticipant stopped treatment early, th ese final study assessments 
were done 14 days after they last used the  treatment.  Participants then received  a 
follow -up telephone call on Day 60 (or a month after their last treatment if the 
participant stopped treatment early).  This telephone call was to check for any medical 
problems.  This was considered the end of the study.  
The following figure shows what happened during this study.   
   
 
Where did this study take place?   
The Sponsor ran this study at 26  locations in 7 countries in  Europe and in the US . 
When did this study take place?  
It began  on 14 May 2018 and ended on 11 December 2020 . 
Who participated in this study?  
The study included participants who were 2 years or older and who had mild or 
moderate atopic dermatitis.  
• A total of 30 men and 66 boys participated  
• A total of 61 women and 78 girls participated  
• All participants were between the ages of 2  and 78 years.  
Participants were to be treated for 28 days .  Of the 235  participants who started the 
study, 207 completed the treatment period, and 217 finished the study.  
There were 28 participants who did not finish the treatment period because  of: 
• Medical problems (11 participants)  
• Not wanting to continue with treatment (13 participants)  
• Not thinking the treatment was working (3 participants), or  
• Other reasons (1 participant)  
There were 18 participants who left before the study was over by their choice or a 
doctor decided it was best for a participant to stop being in the study.  
How long did the study last?  
Study participants were in the study for 60 days or approximately 2 months .  The 
entire study took around 2 years and 7 months to complete.  
Pfizer stopp ed this study before the planned end due to a business decision and not 
because of any concerns about how well crisaborole  ointment worked in clinical  
studies or due to safety problems.   As not all  the planned participants were able to 
join the study because it was stopped early, the researchers did not have enough data 
for their analy ses.  This meant the researchers were not able to compare the different 
treatments  used in this study . 
When the study ended in  December 2020,  the Sponsor began reviewing the 
information collected.  The Sponsor then created a report of the results.  This is a 
summary of that report.