How was the study done?
Researchers measured the effect of danuglipron by comparing HbA1c levels of 
participants who took different doses of the study medicine to participants who took 
a placebo.  A placebo does not have any medicine in it but looks just like the medicine 
being tested.   
Participants were put into 1 of 6 treatment groups by chance alone, like the flip of a 
coin.  This is known as a “randomized” study.  Randomiz ation is done to make the 
groups more similar for characteristics like age and sex.  In 5groups the participants 
received danuglipron and in 1 group participants received a placebo.  Participants in 
the 5groups that received danuglipron were given the st udy medicine at different 
doses, depending on which group they were put into .  
After the screening period , all participants took placebo for 14 days.  Participants then 
began taking danuglipron or placebo twice daily for 16 weeks based on which 
treatment group they were randomized into.  This part of the study was 
“double -blinded”.  This means the participants and study doctors did not know who 
was given which treatment during this part of the study.  Researchers use 
“double -blinded” studies to make sure t hat the results of the study are not influenced 
in any way.  Finally, participants c ompleted a follow -up visit 4 weeks after taking their 
last dose of danuglipron or placebo.
The study design is shown in the graphic on the next page .Participants took danuglipron (2.5 mg , 10 mg, 40 mg, 80 mg, or 120 mg )or placebo 
twice a day by mouth in the morning and evening with food.  For participants wh o
were assigned to take danuglipron at 40 mg twice daily and above, lower doses of 
danuglipron were started at th e beginning of the study and the dose level was slowly 
increased, or “titrated up” to the dose listed in the study design graphic. They 
continued taking the study medicine along with the same daily dose of metformin they 
were on before they entered the st udy for 16 weeks .  
Where did this study take place?
The Sponsor ran this study at 97 locations in 8countries in North America, Europe,
and Asia .
When did this study take place?
It began 07 July 2020 and ended 07 July 2021 .
Who participated in this study?
The study included adult participants with T2DM who were being treated with 
metformin and/or diet and exercise who also met the inclusion/exclusion criteria for 
things such as age ,typeof diabetes, body mass index (BMI), and total body weight .
A total of 209 men participated
A total of 202 women participated
All participants were between the ages of 28 and 7 6
Participants with Type 1 diabetes mellitus or certain conditions other than diabetes 
(heart or nerve complications) were excluded from the study.   The study doctor 
confirmed if a patient qualified for the study.
Participants were to be treated until the end of the 16 -week treatment period .  Of the
411participants who were treated in the study, 316 participants (77%) finished the 
double -blind treatment period ,and 359 participants (87%) finished the follow -up 
period.
A total of 95participants (23%) did not finish the double -blind treatment period .  The 
most common reason for not finishing the treatment period wasbecause of medical 
problems (57participants , 14% ).  Of the 52 participants (13%) who did not finish the 
follow -up period, the most common reason was because the participant chose to stop 
participating (20 participants , 5%).  
How long did the study last?
Study participants were in the study for approximately 22weeks (not including the 
screening period up to 4 weeks ).  The entire study took 12months to complete .
When the study ended in July 2021 , the Sponsor began reviewing the information 
collected.  The Sponsor then created a report of the results.  This is a summary of that 
report .