How was the study done?
Researchers tested crisaborole on a group of adult participants to find out if 
participants taking crisaborole ointment (the test medicine) had improved symptoms 
of stasis dermatitis compared to participants taking the vehicle ointment.
Participants took part in this study athome .  The study required a total of 3 home
visits by home visiting clinicians. First, participants were screened by the clinician to 
make sure they had stasis dermatitis and did not have any other health problems to be
able to join the study. This was known as the “screening period” and lasted up to 
4weeks . Participants who were able to join the study then entered a 6 -week long 
treatment period . During the treatment period, participants were to apply the 
ointment twice a day to theareas of skin affected by the stasis dermatitis. Participants 
were asked to provide answers to questionnaires and to take pictures of the lower part 
of their legs(knees to feet only) . 
The study participants and researchers did not know who applied the crisaborole
ointment and who applied the vehicle ointment .  This is known as a “ double -blinded” 
study. Participants were assigned by chance alone (like the flip of a coin), to receive 
the crisaborole ointment or vehicle ointment. Participants had a 50% (1 in 2) chance 
of receiving the crisaborole ointment and a 50% (1 in 2) chance of receiving the 
vehicle ointment. The ointments looked alike .No one (including the participants, 
the doctor, orthe study team) wasable to choose the group the participant was in. This was done to make sure that the study results were not influenced by anyone in 
any way.
On Day 1 (the first day of treatment), partici pants were visited at home by the staff 
from the study site before they started their treatment .  On Days 8, 15, 22, 29 ,and 36
during the treatment period , participants received telemedicine check -ups, which were 
audio and video calls to check for any medical problems.  On Day 43 (end of 
treatment), participants were visited again at home .  Participants then received a
follow -up telemedicine check -up on Day 71.  This was considered the end of the 
study.
The following figure shows what happ ened during the study .
Figure 1. Study Plan
Where did this study take place?
The Sponsor ran this study at 4 sites in the United States.
When did this study take place?
It began 26June 2020 and ended 19October 2021.
Who participated in this study?
The study included participants older than 45 years who had stasis dermatitis.
A total of 66 eligible participants were assigned to receive the study treatment ; 
32participants in the vehicle group and 33 participants in the crisaborole group were 
treated. One (1) participant in the vehicle group was not treated because they decided 
not to use the study medication.
A total of 35men participated
A total of 30women participated
All participants were between the ages of 48years and 95 years .
Participants were to be treated for 6 weeks. Of the 65participants who were treated 
with crisaborole or vehicle ointment, 49out of the 65 participants finished their 
treatment.   There were 64 out of 65 participants who finished the follow -up part of 
thestudy , 1participant in the vehicle group was lost to follow -up after not continuing 
their treatment.
There were 16 participants ( 16out of 65, or 25%) who did not finish treatment with 
crisaborole or vehicle ointment because of:
Medical problems of which most were not related to the treatment 
(8participants [ 12%])*.
The participant was not diagnosed correctly according to study requirements
(1participant [2%]).
The participant decided to stop treatment by choice (7participants [ 11%]).
*One of the 8 participants had a medical problem which was present before the first 
dose of vehicle ointment , so it was not considered to be caused by the treatment or 
‘treatment emergent’.  How long did the study last?
Study participants were in the study for about 14weeks . The entire study took 
15½months to complete.
When the study ended in October 2021, the Sponsor began reviewing the information 
collected.  The Sponsor then created a report of the results.  This is a summary of that 
report.