How was the study done?
Researchers studied a group of participants to learn more about the safety and the 
possible effectiveness of talazoparib in men with metastatic castration -resistant 
prostate cancer and DNA -repair defects.
Participants included in the study :
Were examined by a study doctor and determined to be appropriate to 
participate 
Were adult men
Had a recent biopsy of their prostate cancer
Had confirmed prostate cancer with a DNA -repair defect (mistake in DNA)Were currently either receiving drugs or had their testes removed with the aim 
to reduce androgen in the body . This strategy is called ADT (androgen 
deprivation therapy)
Had prostate cancer that was metastatic and was progressive (getting worse)
Had previously been treated with 1 or 2 differe nt chemotherapy regimens 
First, a study doctor checked each potential participant to make sure they were 
appropriate to join the study.  This isknown as the screening period.  Most 
participants received 1 milligram (mg) talazoparib once a day (participants with 
moderate kidney disease received 0.75 mg talazoparib once a day) , and could continue 
receiving talazoparib until their cancer worsened , they had unacceptable medical 
problems, they chose to stop taking talazoparib, they passed away , or they were no 
longer benefitting from talazoparib .  Participants also continued to take ADT
throughout the study.  This was an open -label study, which means that the 
participants, researchers, and study doctors knew which treatment the participants
received .
Participants were expected to attend visits at the study center every 2 weeks for the 
first 8 weeks (through Week 9), then every 4 weeks through Week 25, and every 
12weeks thereafter.   They had imaging tests done at some of these visits, to see if 
their prostate cancer was growing or shrinking .  Participants were also expected to 
attend an end -of-treatment visit about 4 weeks after their last dose of talazoparib, plus 
safety follow -up visits every 8 to 12 weeks until the study ended .
The figure belo w shows what happened during the study.Where did this study take place? 
Participants were recruited from 43 hospitals, cancer centers, and medical centers in 
Australia, Austria, Belgium, Brazil, France, Germany, Hungary, Italy, the Netherlands, 
Poland , Spain, South Korea, the U nited Kingdom , and the U nited States .
When did this study take place?
It began 04 July 2017 and is scheduled to end 02 September 2022 .  The Sponsor 
review edthe information collected andcreated a report of the results.  This is a 
summary of that report.
Who participated in this study?
A total of 128men joined this study , and 127 men received study treatment .All 
participants were between the ages of 46 and 84 years .
Of the 127participants who received study treatment , 97(76%) completed treatment.  
At the time th e Sponsor reviewed the information collected , 30participants were still 
receiving study treatment.