How was the study done?
This study included participants with AML who had not previously been treated for 
their cancer .  The participants were split into 2 groups:
An Intensive Treatment G roup –this included participants who were suitable 
for intensive chemotherapy with cytarabine and daunorubicin
ANon-Intensive Treatment G roup –this included participants who were not 
suitable for intensive chemotherapy and who were given standard 
chemotherapy with azacitidine.   
The r esearchers then tested glasdegib on each group of study participants to find out 
if study participants taking glasdegib plus chem otherapy lived longer compared to 
study participants given placebo plus chemotherapy .A placebo does not have any 
medicine in it, but it looks just like the study medication. Participants took g lasdegib 
or placebo tablet sonce a day and this treatment could be continued for up to 2 years.   
Participants received intensive or non-intensive chemotherapy ,and this was given according to the manufacturer’s recommendations.   Participants who stopped 
treatment in this study were followed to check on their health .
Researchers compared the results of study participants taking glasdegib plus 
chemotherapy to the results of study participants taking placebo plus chemotherapy .  
The study participants and researchers did not know who took glasdegib and who 
took the placebo.   This is known as a “blinded” study.  This study was double -
blinded, which means nobody knew who was taking what treatment during t he study.  
Study p articipants were assigned to each group by chance alone.
The study plan is shown in Figure 1. 
Figure 1: Study Plan
Where did this study take place?
For the Intensive Treatment G roup, t he Sponsor ran this study at 94locations in
20countries in North America, Central America, Europe, Asia, and Australia .For the 
Non-Intensive Treatment G roup, the Sponsor ran this study at 83 locations in 
21countries in North America, Central America, Europe, Asia, and Australia.
When did this study take place?
For the Intensive Treatment G roup, the study began 20April 2018 and ended 
01February 2021, with data collected up to 11 November 202 1. For the 
Non-Intensive Treatment Group, the study began 18 June 2018 and ended 
05June 2020, with data collected up to 17 January 2022 . 
Who participated in this study?
The study included participants who had AML but who had not previously been 
treated for their cancer. 
In the Intensive Treatment Group, 
A total of 236men participated
A total of 168women participated
All participants were between the ages of 19and 86 years
In the Non-Intensive Treatment Group, 
A total of 186men participated
A total of 139women participated
All participants were between the ages of 47and94 years
Participants were to be treated until their cancer got worse, they experienced 
unacceptable toxicity, they left the study, or the participant died . 
In the Intensive Treatment Group , of the 399participants who started the study and 
received treatment , 390participants stopped taking the study treatment.  All 
399participants left before the study was over by their choice or a doctor decided it 
was best for a participant to stop being in the study , or because they passed away ,or 
the Sponsor closed the st udy.  Most participants left the study because they died.
In the Non-Intensive Treatment Group, of the 3 22participants who started the study 
and received treatment, 3 06participants stopped taking the study treatment.  There were 3 05participants who left before the study was over by their choice or a doctor 
decided it was best for a participant to stop being in the study ,or because they passed 
away , orthe Sponsor closed the study.  Most participants left the study because they 
died or because the Sponso r closed the study.   There are 7 participants who are 
continuing in this st udy from the Non -Intensive Treatment Group.
How long did the study last?
In the Intensive Treatment Group, s tudy participants were in the study for up to 
2years and 9 months , with data collected for around 3 years and 7 months .  In the 
Non-Intensive Treatment Group, study participants were in the study for up to 1 year 
and 11 months, with data collected for around 3 years and 7 months .  
The researchers stopped participants in theIntensive Treatment Group from 
continuing in the study after an early analysis of the data in 2020 .  They did this 
because they found there was no difference between the participants who were treated 
with glasdegib plus intensive chemot herapy and participants who were treated with 
placebo plus intensive chemotherapy .
For the Intensive Treatment Group, the Sponsor began reviewing the information 
collected up to November 2021 and closed this part of the study early .  The Sponsor 
then creat ed a report of the results.  For the Non -Intensive Treatment Group, the 
Sponsor began reviewing the information collected up to January 2022 .  The Sponsor 
then created a report of the results. This is a summary of th e report s for the Intensive 
Treatment G roup and the Non-Intensive Treatment Group.   At the time of writing, 
there are 7 participants from the Non -Intensive Treatment Group who are continuing 
in this study.