How was the study done?
Researchers tested PF-06835919 on a group of participants with varying levels of 
hepatic impairment and on a group of participants with normal liver function and 
similar age, gender, and weight as the participants with hepatic impairment, to learn 
how hepatic impairment affected the way that PF-06835919 acted in the body.
In this study, participants received a single dose by mouth of PF -06835919 25 mg, 
taken after breakfast. This was an open -label study, which means that the participants 
and the researchers knew what treatment the participants received.
Researchers took samples of blood from participants during the study and measured 
the amount of PF-06835919 . Researchers then compared the blood samples from 
participants with hepatic impairment and those with normal liver function.   
Researchers also checked the participants’ health during the study and asked them 
how they were feeling. There was a 30-day follow -up visit at the end of the study.
Where did this study take place? 
The Sponsor ran this study at 3 locations in Belgium, Czech Republic, and Slovakia.
When did this study take place?
It began 21 January 2020 and ended 9 July 2021.Who participated in this study?
Participants between the ages of 18 and 75 years could join this study.  Participants 
could not have another me dical condition that might affect the way that medicines 
move through the body (for example, a past weight -loss surgery), and had to agree to 
certain lifestyle guidelines, such as avoiding alcohol during the study.
Participants with hepatic impairment were selected based on the severity of their 
disease (mild, moderate, or severe hepatic impairment).  They had to have stable 
disease with no major change in hepatic impairment within the last 28 days, and a 
stable medi cation/treatment regimen.  Participants with normal liver function were 
then selected for the study based on gender, age, and weight, so that they would have 
similar characteristics to the participants with hepatic impairment.   
A total of 16 men (70%) an d 7 women (30%) participated
All participants were between the ages of 38 and 73, with a n average age of 6 1
Sixparticipants (26%) had mild hepatic impairment, 6 participants (26%) had 
moderate hepatic impairment, 5 participants (22%) had severe hepatic 
impairment, and 6 participants (26%) had normal liver function.
All 23 participants (100%) who started the study finished it.
How long did the study last?
Study participants were in the study for about 5 to 9 weeks. The entire study took 
about 1 ½ years to complete and was completed as planned.
When the study ended in July 2021, the Sponsor began reviewing the information 
collected.  The Sponsor then created a report of the results.  This is a summary of that 
report.