This study compared 2groups of participants with UC to find out how many
participants who were in stable remission and switched from taking 10mg tofac itinib
twice a day to 5 mg tofacitinib twice a day would be in remission 6 months later
compared to participants who continued to take 10mg tofacitinib twice a day .The 
study included participants who:
Were participating in another study of tofacitinib ( Study A3921139 ),
Had been taking 10 mg tofacitinib twice a day fo r at least 2 years in a row,
Were in stable remission for UC on 10 mg tofacitinib twice a day for 6 months 
prior to beginning this study , and
Had not been taking any oral corticosteroids for their UC for at least 4 weeks 
prior to beginning this study.
Participants were put into 1 of 2 treatment groups by chance alone.  This is known as 
a “randomized” study.  This is done to make the groups more similar.  Reducing 
differences between the groups (like age or the number of men and women), makes 
the groups more even to compare.
This trial was also “double -blinded”.  This means that participants and doctors did 
not know who was given which dose of tof acitinib .  This was done to make sure that 
the trial results were not influenced in any way.
090177e196b5cffe\Approved\Approved On: 06-Apr-2021 07:09 (GMT)
4Each participant in the study took 2 pills twice a day by mouth:
5mg tofacitinib group: one 5 mg tofacitinib tablet and one placebo tablet 
twice a day (70 out of 140 participants in the study).
10mg tofacitinib group: two 5 mg tofacitinib tablets twice a day (70 out of 
140 participants in the study).
A placebo does not have any medicine in it, but it looks just like the study medicine.  
The pills for theinvestiga tional medicine looked exactly the same as the pills for the 
placebo.  This made it so that participants did not know to which study group they 
were assigned.
During the entire study, participants are to co me to the study site 17 times over 42 
months and havetheir UC assessed.  At 4of these visits, participants are to have a
lower endoscopy (flexible sigmoidoscopy/colonoscopy) to look for swelling or 
unusual changes to the lining of their colon .  A lower endoscopy uses a tiny camera 
on the end of a thin, flexible tube that is inserted into the anus to view the inside of 
the rectum and most of the colon.
The participant’s UC disease activity was measured using a modified Mayo score.  The 
modified Mayo score rates the activity of UC based on 3 categories.  Each category is 
graded from 0 to 3, with 3 being the most severe.  The 3 categories are:
Stool frequency (how many bowel movement s per day ?)
Rectal bleeding (is blood s een in the stool?)
Endoscopy results (how does the lining of the colon look?)
The scores from each of the 3 categories were added together to give the modified 
Mayo score.  The modified Mayo score rates the disease activity of UC on a scale 
from 0 to 9 .  Participants who had a score of 0 or 1 for the endoscopy results, a stool 
frequency score of 0 or 1, and a score of 0 for rectal bleeding were said to be in 
remission.  Any participant who experienced a wor sening of their UC disease activity 
(flares) was allowed to have their dose adjusted during the study.
090177e196b5cffe\Approved\Approved On: 06-Apr-2021 07:09 (GMT)
5This report summarizes the findings for the primary endpoint in this study.  The 
primary endpoint is the main question in a study that researchers want to answer.  In 
some studies, like this one, results for the primary endpoint are studied while 
participants are still taking part in the rest of the study. In this study, the primary 
endpoint was studied (“primary analysis”) after all participants had been on the study 
for 6 months.  The percentage of participants in remission after taking tofacitinib for 
6months was calculated for participants in the 5 mgand 10 mg tofacitinib groups.  
The percentage of participants in remission after 6 months was compared between 
the 2 groups.
The figure below shows what is to happen during the entire study.
The Sponsor is running this study at 69locations in 20countries in Europe, North 
America, Asia, Africa, and Oceania .  The primary endpoint of the study whose results 
are reported here began 16November 2017 and ended 20February 2020; the rest of 
090177e196b5cffe\Approved\Approved On: 06-Apr-2021 07:09 (GMT)6the study is ongoing .  Ninety -two (92) men and 48 women participated.  All 
participants were between the ages of 21 and 81.   Results for the rest of the study will 
be reported when all participants have completed th e entire study.
Participants were to be treate d for 42 months, with the primary analysis occurring 
after all participants had taken tofacitinib for 6 months . Of the 140participants who 
started the study, 115finished the first 6 month partof the study . Twenty -five ( 25)
participants did not finish the first 6 month portion of the study; of these,
2participants from the 5mg group did not finish because their UC worsened and 
1participant from the 5mg group did not finish because their UC worsened and 
1participant from the 5 mg group did not finish due to pregnancy.  Twenty -two (22) 
participants left before the first 6 month part of the study was over by their choice or 
a doctor decided it was best for a participant to stop being in the study.
When datacollection for the primary endpoint ended in February 2020 , the Sponsor 
reviewed the information collected for the primary endpoint . The Sponsor then 
created a report of th oseresults. This is a summary of that report.